James Harden signs largest contract extension in NBA history
What led to the shooting of Danielle Nemetz?
"Arrests made in beating death of U.S. tourist in Greece, officials say"
"Report: Trump son, son-in-law met with Kremlin-linked lawyer"
"Tesla building ""world's biggest"" lithium-ion battery"
"Man accused of killing stepfather, posting photos of body on social media"
"""48 Hours"" probes shooting death of Danielle Nemetz"
Islamic extremists behead 9 civilians
"""48 Hours"" probes the shooting death of Danielle Nemetz"
Police: Two teens arrested after shots fired inside Brooklyn's Kings Plaza mall
Activists riot against G-20 summit for 3rd consecutive night in Hamburg
California wildfires spread quickly
Nature: Honeybees
Stephen Sondheim celebrates the power of teachers
Cease-fire in southern Syria goes into effect
"Trump says it's ""time to move forward in working constructively"" with Russia"
All hail the Erie Canal
Almanac: A better doughnut hole
Jack Antonoff: Hit man
The fast-paced world of sport stacking
Almanac: Doughnuts
200 years on the Erie Canal
Foreign doctors say ill Chinese Nobel laureate can safely travel for treatment
The sparkling Christie Brinkley
Fast and furious: Competitive cup stacking
"Letters to ""Sunday Morning"""
Louise Penny: How writing became her solace
Manscaping: When body hair just has to go
"Haley: China may face trade sanctions if it continues to ""hold hands"" with N. Korea"
Who's the snowflake? A chilly riposte to political insults
Court of dreams
The art of manscaping
"Can we cool it with the ""snowflake"" insults?"
Calendar: Week of July 10
"Open: This is Face the Nation, July 9"
Ambassador Nikki Haley on Trump and Putin's G-20 meeting
Sen. Ted Cruz says failure is not an option on health care
"Sen. John McCain: ""There has to be a price to pay"" for Russian meddling"
How should the U.S. respond to North Korea's missile test?
What was accomplished during Trump and Putin's first face-to-face meeting?
Former Dallas Police Chief David Brown remembers slain officers one year later
"McCain: Putin ""got away with"" interference in U.S. election"
"7/9: Haley, McCain, Cruz"
"Cruz says GOP critics of his health bill should not to be ""deceived"" by Democrats' attacks"
"Former Dallas police chief: Policing is a ""people business,"" not ""enforcement business"""
"Iraqi PM congratulates troops in Mosul, declares victory over ISIS"
GOP governors to party's senators: Do no harm to health care
"1 dead, 8 injured in shooting at pregnant woman's gender reveal party"
Tillerson tells Russia it must take first steps to reduce tensions in Ukraine
Western wildfires
Video captures police officer using racial slur during traffic stop
"Cruz says GOP critics of his health bill should not be ""deceived"" by Democrats' attacks"
"Power fully restored after power station blast leaves 140,000 in dark"
Texas judge removed over citizenship becomes U.S. citizen
Report: Trump son met with Russian lawyer after promise of Clinton information
"1 dead, 8 injured, including children, in shooting at gender reveal party"
Democrats and some Republicans find fault with Trump's tweets about Putin
Iraq's prime minister declares victory over ISIS in Mosul
Island in Chesapeake Bay turns to Trump to keep from sinking
"""Summer of Hell"" begins for NYC commuters Monday"
Three dozen wildfires burning across Western United States
Trump son: Russian lawyer promised information on Clinton
Parents of British baby on life support get another hearing
Trump Jr.: Russian lawyer promised information on Clinton
"Texas water park caters to all kids, even ones in wheelchairs"
"""Summer of Hell"" to begin for U.S.' busiest train station"
