"As GOP rallies around DACA, Grassley sows doubts about program"
Macron could succeed where other French presidents failed on labor reform
Argentine protesters demand answers about missing activist
The flood hit neighborhoods wealthy and poor. The toll in Texas is difficult to calculate.
Looting rumors and fear of crime often exaggerated after natural disasters
GOP leaders add their voices to the chorus calling for DACA program to stay
'How do you replace your memories?' A first responder returns to assess his flooded home.
'Helping is a total no-brainer.' Houston-area mosques open their doors as shelters
"Coast Guard is saving lives first, and opening ports next"
The flooding in one area of Houston shows Harvey's unprecedented impact
"White House requests $7.85 billion for emergency Harvey aid, asks Congress to raise debt ceiling"
Who deserves a liver? Officials try to make organ transplants fairer.
NKorea missile fear sets pre-emptive strike debate in Japan
Tropical Storm Lidia lashes Mexico's Baja California; 4 dead
U-Md. professor quits mock trial post after email calling Latino students 'mediocre' and 'pretty bad'
Iranian pilgrims return to the hajj as Iran-Saudi rivalry eases
Gunmen kills 2 in attack on opposition lawmaker in Pakistan
Russian minister criticizes Moldova's call for troop pullout
"7 girls killed in Kenya dormitory fire, official says"
"Turkey's complicated relationship with the Middle East, explained by one word"
Kenya faces ethnic tensions as fresh vote approaches
Rohingya refugees stream into Bangladesh by land and sea
"Colombia's FARC rebels launch a political party, trading bullets for blazers"
Aid group calls on Libya to end detention of refugees
Her weight loss and pain looked like cancer. The real reason was hidden for years.
2 German cities evacuating residents before bomb disposals
"Thousands more Rohingya refugees flee Myanmar by land, sea"
Spain: Fire produces toxic cloud in southern Madrid
Two top Trump advisers were asked why they don't quit. Their answers speak volumes.
The most inspiring stories emerging in Harvey's aftermath
"Authorities: Assailants attack Iraqi power station, 7 dead"
Democrats target Trump on trade
"Trump threatened to bury his DACA decision. He put neon lights on it, instead."
FM statement: Pakistan wants to see peace in Afghanistan
2 on biplane die in air show crash outside Moscow
China says Japan shouldn't slap North Korea with sanctions
"When our elderly mother refused to stop driving, we took drastic action"
"Germany: Merkel, rival Schulz gear up for TV election debate"
Kenya's ruling to nullify vote could influence other nations
Italian island seeks help to deal with Algerian migrant flow
Kenya president warns judiciary after it nullifies election
Activists: Dozens IS members sneak despite US strikes threat
Founder of Yemen's Red Crescent dies in Sanaa hospital
Unraveling the mysteries of the addicted brain
Beaumont has no water. An epic line forms in search of some
French missing girl: 2 men released without being charged
"Houston Zoo reopens, provides mental escape after Hurricane Harvey"
Russia calls in US diplomat to protest alleged office search
Activists: IS convoy treks ahead despite US strikes threat
"News quiz: The Texas tragedy, political bickering and a ruling on pets"
It's time for Congress to retire one of its most dangerous weapons
"'Erratic' wildfire near Los Angeles burns 3,000 acres and forces hundreds to evacuate"
Pope urges Korean religious leaders to counter hate rhetoric
"German election: Merkel, Schulz gear up for TV showdown"
Venezuela opposition activist Lilian Tintori says she has been barred from leaving country to meet with European leaders
Spain: Air warning lifted for toxic cloud from Madrid fire
Harvey recovery continues as President Trump heads down to visit battered Texas and Louisiana
Venezuela opposition activist says barred from traveling
Tropical Storm Lidia weakens after 4 dead in Mexico's Baja
Trump arrives in Houston to meet with Hurricane Harvey survivors
"'Erratic' wildfire near Los Angeles burns 5,000 acres and forces hundreds to evacuate"
Formal investigation opened in French girl's disappearance
Trump visits battered Houston as Harvey recovery picks up
"President Trump, first lady visit Texas for second time after Harvey"
"A makeshift army, marching on adrenaline"
Venezuela bars opposition activist from traveling to Europe
"President Trump, first lady visit families at Hurricane Harvey shelter"
Trump preparing withdrawal from South Korea trade deal
New election a heavy strain on Kenya amid fears over violence and the economy
Trump after meeting with Harvey victims: 'They're doing great.'
Trump meets with Hurricane Harvey survivors in Houston
Trump meets with Harvey survivors in Houston: 'We're very happy with the way everything is going'
Deputies were called about an 'intruder' at a flooded Texas home. It was a giant alligator.
"Crime, violence dog Mexico as president addresses nation"
"Trump preparing withdrawal from South Korea trade deal, a move opposed by top aides"
Rape victim said to ID brothers in Italy beach town attack
Trump hands out water and essentials in Tex.
"Trump makes stop at Texas church, congratulates governor"
Cambodian police arrest country's main opposition leader
Officials say Cambodian police have arrested the leader of the country's main opposition party
State insurance commissioners under pressure in health-care drama
"Federal government has long ignored white supremacist threats, critics say"
"Cambodia arrests opposition leader, alleging treason"
Tropical Storm Lidia weakens after 5 dead in Mexico's Baja
"'Erratic' wildfire near Los Angeles burns more than 5,000 acres, forces hundreds to evacuate"
McCain attends Italy forum before Congress returns to work
A quick guide to the South Korea free trade deal
The homecoming
Largest fire in Los Angeles history forces hundreds to evacuate
T H E&ensp;H O M E C O M I N G
"U.S. warns South Sudan: Continued chaos is not acceptable, aid may be pulled"
Election rerun in Kenya raises fears about violence and economic troubles
Hezbollah accuses the U.S. of putting lives at stake by hounding ISIS convoy
Texans' do-it-ourselves rescue effort defines Hurricane Harvey
"Trump returns to flood-ravaged Texas, this time to try out role of 'consoler-in-chief'"
North Korean state media claims that its leader inspects the loading of a hydrogen bomb into a new ICBM.
