"Treasury secretary's military flights totaling $811,000 were legal, but poorly justified, watchdog says"
Trump's decision on Iran nuclear deal could cause major breach with allies in Europe
A deadly ambush in Niger raises tough questions for Trump's Pentagon
America is divided on whom to blame for black Americans' challenges in getting ahead
"Treasury secretary's military flights totaling $811,000 were legal but poorly justified, watchdog says"
"4 killed in clashes with Colombia coca growers, eradicators"
"What exactly are bump stocks, and why do they matter now?"
"Richard Spencer gets OK to speak at the University of Florida, his first campus event since U-Va."
Russian government hackers used antivirus software to steal U.S. cyber capabilities
Ex-Guatemalan president accused of campaign corruption
What is a bump stock?
Trump administration could narrow Affordable Care Act's contraception mandate
Trump administration will propose repealing Obama's key effort to combat climate change
Trump administration to narrow Affordable Care Act's contraception mandate
"Nate takes aim at Mexico, US after dousing Central America"
Questions arise on China's plans as N. Korea war talk rises
"Father arrested after Japan fire kills 6, including children"
Hurricane mauled PR's renowned Monkey Island research center
Sri Lanka's Parliament accused of perpetuating majority rule
"Trump gathers with military leaders, says 'Maybe it's the calm before the storm'"
Why a leading Palestinian activist doesn't care about a Palestinian state
The bank that brought us 'Fearless Girl' will now pay millions in gender pay dispute
"Nobel Prize for peacemakers, peace seekers comes Friday"
The firm that brought us 'Fearless Girl' will now pay millions in gender pay dispute
"The firm that brought us 'Fearless Girl' underpaid women, U.S. says"
Australian police seize record haul of meth ingredient
Spain court to quiz Catalan police officers in sedition case
"Indian air force helicopter crashes, killing all 7 on board"
APNewsBreak: US military halts some exercises with Gulf countries over Qatar diplomatic crisis
Are red low-tax states subsidizing blue high-tax states through the tax code?
Popular mayor of Amsterdam dies after battling lung cancer
Cambodia takes first legal step to dissolve opposition party
Renault wants half its cars to be electric or hybrid in 2022
Why a leading Palestinian activist isn't fixated on a Palestinian state
Monitors: 15 killed in missile strike on eastern Syria city
Spain court quiz Catalan police officers in sedition case
"Sesame Street launches tools to teach coping skills to children who experience trauma, from hurricanes to violence at home"
"Denmark joins European nations in banning niqad, burka"
Some UK Conservative lawmakers say embattled May must go
Norwegians try to cause landslide in unstable mountain
Rep. Tim Murphy resigns amid personal scandal
International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons wins Nobel Peace Prize
International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons wins the Nobel Peace Prize
Does the Republican Party really have a young person problem?
International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons awarded Nobel Peace Prize
"13 die after Chinese fishing boat, tanker collide near Japan"
The Latest: Anti-nuclear weapons group wins Peace Prize
Commuter chaos in northern Germany in aftermath of storm
Air pollution high as India hosts Under-17 World Cup
Iraqi Kurdistan receives body of late President Talabani
Plenty of service members are likely to sympathize with #TakeAKnee
Interior Department worked behind the scenes with energy industry to reverse royalties rule
Trump supporters eager to 'drain the swamp' help fill Republican Party coffers
The Latest: Nobel Peace Prize 'sends message' to nuke powers
Madagascar's Red Cross works to curb deadly plague outbreak
The Latest: Catalan police chief leaves Madrid court
Director of anti-nuclear group says winning Nobel Peace Prize 'sends a message' to nuclear-armed states
Rights group slams Egypt's media blackout on homosexuals
Nobel Peace Prize awarded to anti-nuclear campaign group
Hurricanes thought to crush U.S. job growth in September
"The firm that brought us 'Fearless Girl' was underpaying women, U.S. government says"
19 killed in Russia after train hits bus stuck on crossing
Allies back UK's May after lawmaker admits plot to oust her
"Feds pay more for insurance, but it's still a good deal"
The Supreme Court discussed my research on gerrymandering. There were some misconceptions.
Civil rights crusader Fannie Lou Hamer defied men - and presidents - who tried to silence her
A new report suggests a fundamental idea behind CEO pay could be 'broken'
Disabled and scraping by in the underground economy
"Pope denounces porn and corruption of kids' minds, bodies"
German man stopped at Swedish airport with dangerous element
The Latest: Nobel Peace Prize resonates in Japan
Zimbabwean talk about who will follow Mugabe gets murkier
"'Where is the crime exactly?' An update on Sen. Bob Menendez's corruption trial, a month in"
"India, EU agree to tackle online extremism, radicalization"
The Daily 202: Baseball is a salve for our national wounds
Myanmar claims success in stopping exodus; refugees disagree
Spain court release four leading Catalans in sedition case
The Latest: Catalan leader wants to address local parliament
The Latest: Russia says US providing cover to IS in Syria
Brazil forces fan out in north Rio to combat rising violence
Does Congress have enough GOP votes to ban bump stocks?
Worried about the dog in 'The Mountain Between Us'? We've got good news.
The Nobel Peace Prize for an anti-nuclear weapons group probably won't please the U.S.
Ocean conference raises over $7 billion to marine protection
Ukrainian parliament approves bills related to rebel regions
The Finance 202: The GOP's tax plan just cleared a major hurdle. Here are three major ones that remain.
The Latest: EU envoy lauds fight against nuclear weapons
Iran arrests brother of country's senior vice president
A survivalist filled his massive basement with food - then decided Puerto Ricans needed it more
Another USC medical school dean resigns
UK court drops lawsuit against IVF clinic in forgery case
The Energy 202: Here's how Trump's sage grouse fix could backfire
The Latest: Catalan firms rush to register outside region
Analysis: Nobel says to Korea nuke players: We are watching
Al-Qaida-linked fighters launch new attack in central Syria
Venezuela's Maduro meets Turkey's Erdogan on European tour
The Latest: Russian helicopter in emergency landing in Syria
The Health 202: Doctors lost an advocate with Price's downfall
We have a pretty good idea of when humans will go extinct
"U.S. economy loses 33,000 jobs because of hurricanes, first decline in six years. But unemployment falls to 4.2 percent"
Las Vegas gunman left behind trail of carnage and clues but no clear answers
"U.S. economy loses 33,000 jobs after hurricanes, first decline in six years. But unemployment falls to 4.2 percent"
"The world has some 15,000 nuclear weapons. This year's Nobel Peace Prize honors the quest to abolish all of them."
Kremlin warns US against restrictions on Russian media
"Francis to honor WWII dead at US cemetery, site of massacre"
The Latest: Head of Nobel-winning group regrets Trump tweet
"U.S. economy loses 33,000 jobs after hurricanes, first decline in seven years. But unemployment falls to 4.2 percent"
Europe helped draft the Iran nuclear deal. Now E.U. leaders seek to save it from Trump pressure.
A school was evacuated over a 'strange odor.' It was pumpkin spice air freshener.
Hurricane Irma wiped out thousands of sea turtle nests
"AP PHOTOS: In Israel, antique car collectors find an escape"
UK's May finds support after lawmakers plot to oust her
How Catalonia separatists pulled off vote despite crackdown
The Latest: Gorbachev hails Nobel prize for anti-nuke group
"Puerto Ricans are a surging, outraged political force in Florida in the aftermath of Maria"
Candidates for Va. lt. governor battle over guns and minimum wage
"Man films himself atop Bali volcano, angering officials"
Vietnam fires senior Communist Party official for misconduct
German man released after being stopped at Swedish airport
Moscow court upholds 20-day jail term for Navalny
The Latest: Nate forces soccer match postponement
Factions forming as Congress attempts to curb U.S. spy power
The Nobel Peace Prize for an anti-nuclear-weapons group probably won't please the U.S.
"Trump's effort to kill Obamacare with 1,000 cuts"
"Abby Huntsman 'grills' her father, the U.S. ambassador to Russia, on 'Fox &#038; Friends'"
"In Puerto Rico, Trump's paper-towel toss reveals where his empathy lies"
"Pakistan reaches out to Afghanistan, prodded by U.S. But Afghans are wary."
Canada pays indigenous people taken from their homes
The Latest: Spain regrets injuries in police crackdown
Spain: No dialogue until Catalonia drops independence bid
Polish envoy to EU resigns reportedly over communist ties
The NRA once believed in gun control and had a leader who pushed for it
The U.S. says Pakistan must work with Afghanistan on terrorism. It won't be easy.
AP Interview: Tokyo Gov. vows to change nation from her city
The Latest: CEO of Renault worried about Catalonia
Libyan force seizes control of migrant smuggling hub
Trump's tax plan gives Wall Street everything it wants - and that's bad news for them
FEMA buried updates on Puerto Rico. Here they are.
Trump administration narrows Affordable Care Act's contraception mandate
Protests demanding electoral reforms persist in Kenya
French city replaces JFK with Chirac in name of major street
"Trump moves to kill Obamacare with 1,000 cuts"
"The world has nearly 15,000 nuclear weapons. This year's Nobel Peace Prize honors the quest to abolish all of them."
UK teen pleads guilty to hacking CIA chief's computer
The Latest: Hurricane warning issued for US Gulf Coast areas
Russian legislator says North Korean missiles can reach US
What do you know about the Nobel Peace Prize?
Storms kill 2 in Poland and raise regional death toll to 9
Catalan government says it has submitted final results of disputed independence referendum to regional parliament
Brazilian forces fan out in Rio to combat rising violence
"Back on the trail, Biden's message rankles the left"
The Latest: Catalan officials submit final results of vote
"Strong quake shakes northeastern Japan, no danger of tsunami"
"U.S. lifts sanctions on Sudan, ending two decades of embargo"
NAACP lawsuit alleges Trump administration will undercount minorities in 2020 Census
"Turkey, Venezuela deepen cooperation, seeking 'new era'"
Candidates for Virginia lieutenant governor battle over guns and minimum wage
"Federal employees pay more for insurance, but it's still a good deal"
The Latest: Russian agency: Syrian troops battle in Mayadeen
French free 5 people in Marseille knife attack probe
Democrats doubling down on campaign against Paul Ryan
Breitbart vs. the NRA? That's a fight Steve Bannon can't win.
Why some middle class families could face a tax increase under the GOP plan
Spanish bank Caixabank says it will move its base from Barcelona to Valencia amid political uncertainty
Murdoch's UK firm pays damages to ex-spy in hacking scandal
The Latest: Caixabank to switch HQ out of Catalonia
Body of abducted journalist found in Mexico
Iraq's ex-President Talabani laid to rest in Kurdish region
"Trump to Hispanic Americans: ""You have a wonderful president in Mexico."""
Civil liberties groups decry Sessions's guidance on religious freedom
After the storm: A community in the mountains of Puerto Rico seeks solace in their faith
"Interior Department whistleblower resigns, bipartisan former appointees object to Zinke's statements"
Death toll at Brazil day care center rises to 7
Ocean meeting raises over $7 billion for marine protection
Assad's forces push into key IS stronghold in eastern Syria
Trump message of unity during Hispanic Heritage Month
Trump's cold war on Obamacare
Why some middle-class families could face a tax increase under the GOP plan
Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl expected to plead guilty to desertion
Trump administration calls for rolling back Obama-era financial regulations
The Latest: Mississippi declares emergency in coastal areas
"Betsy DeVos postpones trip to Ontario schools amid protests from teachers, unions"
FEMA removes - then restores - statistics about drinking water access and electricity in Puerto Rico from website
How an Oval Office meeting led to a Trump tweet that changed U.S. policy toward Venezuela
Could that GOP congressman floating Charlottesville conspiracy theories have Steven Bannon's blessing?
The Trump administration just changed the rules on contraception coverage
Harvey Weinstein is already counting the money he plans to win by suing the New York Times. He shouldn't be so confident.
The Cold War hawks who made ending nuclear war a priority in Washington
Trump signs National Manufacturing Day proclamation
Nate expected to make landfall as a hurricane along U.S. Gulf Coast
The Latest: UN chief praises anti-nuke Nobel Peace winner
Spooked businesses shift headquarters out of Catalonia
US states declare emergency ahead of Tropical Storm Nate
"Schumer, at least six others to send Weinstein donations to women's charities"
Pentagon identifies three Special Forces soldiers killed in Niger ambush
The Latest: Offshore oil platforms evacuated due to Nate
"Storms kill 2 in Poland, raise regional death toll to 9"
Top gun-control advocate: GOP embrace of 'bump stock' restrictions is progress
Sanders says birth control limitation is 'all about' freedom of religion
Costco announced it would deliver groceries. Then its stock fell 6 percent.
A hiccup in Purdue's acquisition of for-profit Kaplan University
"No, the Obamacare birth control mandate did not increase 'risky sexual behavior' among teens"
U.S. escalates trade dispute with Canada in new tariff decision
"As U-Va. marks its bicentennial, a collection of objects tells its complicated history"
"EPA inspector general now investigating Pruitt's use of military, private flights"
The U.S. Virgin Islands is grappling for attention after being hit by two hurricanes
Duterte's 'drug war' is fueling the spread of disease
Sanders says Trump will unveil immigration plan in 'coming days'
"Trump administration wants to weaken law protecting veterans from predatory for-profit colleges, senators say"
Komodo dragon blood might save human lives. Getting it isn't easy.
The Latest: US: Nobel Peace choice doesn't change US stance
"Nearly six dozen charter and military flights by Cabinet members, mapped"
What did the President mean by 'calm before the storm' ?
Schumer and at least six other Democrats to send Weinstein donations to women's charities
"Defendant in Bundy ranch standoff, weapons case argues Las Vegas massacre would bias jury"
"When the bullets came down in Las Vegas, he told his wife to run. He needed to stay."
Group opposing nuclear weapons wins Nobel peace prize
Ham for a watch: Venezuelans struggle with cash shortages
"Body of U.S. service member recovered in Niger, raising ambush death toll to four"
Saudis say coalition in Yemen shouldn't be on UN blacklist
Salvador appeals court upholds sentence in miscarriage case
"After Las Vegas, Democratic House members donate their past NRA contributions"
Here's how to get your video footage into a TV show or movie
"Nearly six dozen flights on charter, military or government-owned planes by Cabinet members, mapped"
Death toll at Brazil day care center rises to 9
The U.S. Virgin Islands are grappling for attention after being hit by two hurricanes
Europe helped draft the Iran nuclear deal. Now leaders are trying to save it.
Sarah Huckabee Sanders completely undercuts Trump's bogus tax talking point
Las Vegas gunman left behind trail of carnage and clues but no 'clear motive or reason why'
Mexico arrests ex-governor on corruption charges
How the gun lobby responds to mass shootings
The Latest: Hurricane warning issued for New Orleans
"Mexico's ex-first lady leaves party, hints at run"
People are getting sick from a bacterial disease - and pet-store puppies might be to blame
"'What storm, Mr. President?' Trump puts world on edge with cryptic cliffhanger"
These Cold War hawks are now championing an end to nuclear weapons
"Mexico's ex-first lady leaves party, hints at election run"
"Prosecutors reveal thwarted plot to bomb Times Square, New York subway"
Flood-prone New Orleans prepares for fast-moving Tropical Storm Nate
