Judge declines to punish Manafort over Ukrainian op-ed but warns similar acts could violate gag order
Former Flynn associate denies allegation of Inauguration Day communication
Key GOP voice on immigration accuses bipartisan caucus of withholding a potential 'dreamers' compromise
"Clarence Beavers, pioneering black paratrooper and smoke jumper, dies at 96"
Roy Moore and friends wrap up a campaign against 'the opposition party' - the press
Trump attacks Gillibrand in tweet critics say is sexually suggestive and demeaning
Voting underway in contentious Alabama Senate race
"Why is Trump attacking Kirsten Gillibrand, the only female senator who has said he should resign?"
Trump takes the bait in sexually suggestive tweet about Kirsten Gillibrand
Roy Moore's closing strategy: Put the media on the ballot in Alabama
"The importance to Democrats of a win in Alabama, visualized"
Trump's lawyer calls for a special counsel investigation of alleged corruption at FBI and Justice Department
"President Trump vows to end 'green card lottery,' 'chain migration'"
Either outcome in Alabama is a self-inflicted wound by Senate GOP
Trump accuser asks: 'Where is our investigation?'
A running list of the eyewitnesses who prove Trump's innocence on sexual misconduct
The Health 202: Roy Moore is a nightmare for abortion foes
The Energy 202: Roy Moore is seen as extreme by many Republicans. But not on climate change.
The Daily 202: New DGA chair thinks Trump will be so toxic in 2018 that Dem candidates won't need to name him
The Finance 202: Trump's bias toward alternative facts infects Treasury's tax analysis
Trump seeks to dismiss sexual harassment allegations as 'fake news'
Three women reassert allegations of sexual harassment against President Trump
The Democratic Party's latest reform commission just met. It's likely to slash the power of superdelegates.
Q&#038;A for federal workers: Gift policies
Inside Trump's legal team: Trying to protect the president from Mueller's 'killers'
What Roy Moore tells us about the Republican Party
Minorities and young people rally behind Doug Jones
FCC chairman: Social media platforms lack transparency in how they restrict conservative content
DEA official says 2016 law that undermined enforcement should be changed
This visitor from beyond our solar system will be probed for signs of life
Education inspector general calls on agency to process backlog of student debt relief claims
"This city in Alaska is warming so fast, algorithms removed the data because it seemed unreal"
Former police officer argues FBI pushed him to support terrorism
Trump reportedly drinks 12 cans of Diet Coke each day. Is that healthy?
"Fargo woman lured pregnant neighbor to her apartment, killed her and took her unborn baby"
Yet another Chicago schools chief resigns amid scandal
"Charles Jenkins, American soldier who defected to North Korea, dies at 77"
More than 20 states in 2017 considered laws to promote shared custody of children after divorce
Judges skeptical of request to dismiss 'burdensome' children's climate lawsuit
"Following marijuana legalization, teen drug use is down in Colorado"
Trump vows Americans will return to the moon. The question is how?
"That viral story about Alabama driver's license offices is from 2015, and it's missing one key point"
Disputes have put Afghan elections in jeopardy. Is the country's democracy also at risk?
Australian lawmaker to resign amid global allegations of Chinese meddling
"France's Macron takes lead in climate change battle, with the U.S. absent"
"Federal authorities file terrorism charges against New York bombing suspect, say he taunted Trump first"
"Putin receives briefings on Trump's tweets, Kremlin says"
Chinese daredevil plunged to his death while attempting to do pullups off a skyscraper
Putin is outplaying Trump in the Middle East
"North Korea's prisons are as bad as Nazi camps, says judge who survived Auschwitz"
Mexico leftist front-runner doubles down on amnesty proposal
"Pope on Guadalupe feast: Church is mestizo, native, black"
ICC: Failure to arrest Sudan's president undermines court
Paris hosts major climate summit - and it's all about Trump
"Venezuela orders probe into ex-oil czar, UN ambassador"
New PM: Poland needs to protect its national interests
'More Black Abortions.' 'Neo-Nazis.' Sharp-edged radio ads target Alabama's black vote.
"Why are California's wildfires so historic? For starters, a diablo is at work."
Trump lawyer John Dowd brought down Pete Rose. They're still fighting nearly 30 years later.
Never mind Trump's visit. Mississippi's new Civil Rights Museum is a game changer for education.
"House GOP higher ed bill moves ahead, despite cries to slow down"
Seven research-tested ways to stand up to sexual harassment
"Warming of the Arctic is 'unprecedented over the last 1,500 years,' scientists say"
"'I want to kill children,' a middle school teacher wrote to his students"
Big data could solve the college-dropout problem
What voters really mean when they say they support marijuana legalization
Jones campaign cites 'encouraging' turnout in Alabama Senate race
'More Black Abortions.' 'Neo-Nazis.' Sharp-edged radio ads target Alabama's black voters.
Alabama voters weigh in on closely-watched special election
"Already on the 2020 radar, Kirsten Gillibrand catapulted into the spotlight by President Trump"
"In rare visit, UN expert pleads with Venezuela"
Canada to buy used Australian jets over new Boeing aircraft
Trump is trying to make the FBI investigation partisan - and it's working
"Sean Spicer is writing a book, but don't expect it to be a tell-all"
Iraq PM warns Islamic State might erupt again somewhere else
Federal report finds regression for black managers in financial services industry
A question of faith: Evaluating the 'Trump Miracle'
Bahrain interfaith group pays unprecedented visit to Israel
"Ed Lee, San Francisco's first Asian American mayor, dies at 65"
Australian lawmaker to resign amid allegations of Chinese meddling
"Russian president receives briefings on Trump's tweets, Kremlin says"
Democratic campaign cites 'encouraging' turnout in Alabama Senate race
Freed prisoner witnessed radicalization in Egyptian jails
Top Republican on Senate judiciary panel pushes back against 2 Trump nominees
"Ed Lee, San Francisco's first Asian American mayor, dies after heart attack at 65"
Italian prosecutors seek to shelve Hacking Team breach case
Poland's PM: we don't want a divided Europe of 2 speeds
Massive military spending bill provision reduces deportation risk for immigrant recruits
Donald Trump Jr. demands leak investigation
"'Phenomenal' trial results may lead to a treatment for Huntington's disease, experts say"
Shelter dogs could go vegan in Los Angeles
Tillerson moves to change the narrative about him and stop rumors of a 'Rexit'
Military spending bill provision reduces deportation risk for immigrant recruits
State Dept. concerned by Polish fine on US-owned broadcaster
