"Three weeks since Hurricane Maria, much of Puerto Rico still dark, thirsty and frustrated"
UN: Teenage girl alleges sex abuse by peacekeeper in CAR
UN: Myanmar violence a deliberate strategy to expel Rohingya
"On the eve of Trump delivering decision on Iran deal, Congress strategizes"
"Killer wildfires continue to scorch California's wine country, with 21 dead and hundreds missing"
Trump says minorities 'want' and 'need' more police protection than other Americans
"Deaths rise to 23 with hundreds missing, as California wildfires spread"
Deaths rise to 23 with hundreds missing as California wildfires spread
Deaths rise to 23 with hundreds missing as wildfires scorch California wine country
Decision on New Zealand leader delayed by at least 2 days
"Hillary Clinton speaks out about Harvey Weinstein, promises to give away donations"
"Floods and landslides kill 37, leave 40 missing in Vietnam"
Rockeymoore Cummings launches bid for Maryland governor
Cancer researchers learn more about toxic side effects of new treatments
'Why so much hate?' Femicides plague Mexico's largest state
Witness at Malaysia trial says 4 more suspects in Kim murder
"Lawyers, prosecutors face off at Samsung heir's appeal case"
Trump may be kicking off a new age of nuclear weapons
"Volcanic eruption in Japan spreads ash in 4 cities, towns"
Lethal roadside bomb that killed scores of U.S. troops reappears in Iraq
Top Indian court rules sex with wife younger than 18 is rape
Has Trump cut more regulations than any president in history?
Dutch team wins 7th Australian solar-powered car race
Spain celebrates national day amid Catalan secession crisis
Experts urge close German-US relations despite Trump
Lufthansa to sign deal with bankrupt Air Berlin
French President Macron launches step 2 of labor reforms
Why are flights so much cheaper in Europe than in the U.S.?
The Latest: Catalan president reacts to Spanish ultimatum
Gucci goes fur-free in move praised as a game-changer
Lufthansa to buy large parts of bankrupt Air Berlin
"Indonesia, Malaysia, Philippines launch joint air patrols"
Orphan of Islamic State parents held in limbo returns home
Greenpeace activists light fireworks at French nuclear plant
The Latest: Rights group slams police violence in Catalonia
Germany to extend some border controls for another 6 months
Pakistan's election body seeks arrest of opposition leader
Australian court verdict pending on deputy leader's future
Saw found in Denmark could be linked to submarine case
Pro sports teams were once reliable patrons of Trump's hotels. Not anymore.
What you need to know about the 'sanctuary movement'
Myanmar envoy denies genocide against Rohingya Muslims
Czech PM candidate to face secret-police trial again
"Hillary Clinton 'appalled' by Harvey Weinstein allegations, promises to give away donations"
Seychelles reports plague case linked to Madagascar outbreak
Trump to sign executive order to gut ACA insurance rules and undermine marketplaces
"Floods and landslides kill 43, leave 34 missing in Vietnam"
Is Venezuela a dictatorship? A key election will offer clues.
"Standing up to those in power, and 6 other global stories"
"Kenya bans protests, setting up showdown with opposition supporters"
Rights group reports 'growing evidence' of abuses in Turkey
Kenya bans electoral reform demonstrations ahead of poll
Romania media group: Dump draft law that harms press freedom
Landmark wooden tower burns down in Frankfurt
EU Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier says no great steps forward in talks with UK
EU to set up fraud fighting public prosecutor's office
Sweden won't prosecute Italian stem cell scientist
Republicans could lose congressional seats if Census 2020 goes wrong
Not just Harvey Weinstein: The depressing truth about sexual harassment in America
"It's not illegal to be gay in Indonesia, but police are cracking down anyway"
Australia's foreign minister visits Korean border
"UK Brexit chief Davis urges EU leaders to ""take a step forward"" and move talks on to issue of trade"
Slayings of young women surge in Mexico's largest state
EU Brexit negotiator says little progress made in talks
Austria set for rightward political turn after Sunday vote
Somaliland journalist's 18-month sentence is protested
The Latest: UK urges to move Brexit talks on to trade
"Killer wildfires continue to rage in California's wine country, with 23 dead and hundreds missing"
EU says little progress made in Brexit talks with Britain
"The Latest: Military jet crashes in Spain, pilot killed"
Egypt extends its state of emergency for another 3 months
The Daily 202: Stepped-up attacks on the press reflect Trump's bunker mentality
South Africa court says anti-apartheid activist was murdered
"Trump warns Puerto Rico: 'We cannot keep FEMA, the Military &#038; the First Responders .?.?. forever!'"
Tell The Washington Post: What's changed since the March for Science?
"Trump to sign order to eliminate ACA insurance rules, undermine marketplaces"
Kenya bans opposition protests ahead of new election
Berlin probe: Xmas market attacker could have been thwarted
Paris plans to ban gas-powered cars in city by 2030
Australia's foreign minister visits tense Korean border
"The Latest: Groups clash in Barcelona, sending chairs flying"
Syrian government troops push on into IS stronghold town
The Finance 202: McCain could give the same thumbs-down to a tax overhaul as he did to health care
"Trump should not be interviewed by Hannity, for his own good. His bizarre answer on the debt is why."
Trump threatens to abandon Puerto Rico recovery effort
"For his own good, Trump should avoid Hannity. His bizarre answer on the debt shows why."
Rival Palestinian factions Hamas and Fatah reach unity plan after 10-year split
"The Latest: Hamas, Fatah sign reconciliation deal in Cairo"
Family held captive by Taliban-linked group released
Pakistan's military says soldiers have recovered 5 Western hostages held by the Taliban for years
How to squash fake news without trampling free speech
These young ironworkers are betting on new technology -and traditional unions - to achieve their American dream
Shell to buy electric vehicle charging providers
Mexico's largest state rocked by slayings of women
The Energy 202: Coal production is actually up under Trump. Should he get credit?
EU laments Brexit progress amid divorce bill deadlock
Turkey blames US envoy for souring ties; won't buy US guns
"American woman, Canadian husband and children freed in Pakistan after 5-year hostage ordeal"
Iran nuclear deal: What you need to know
Greek police save 54 migrants squashed into unventilated van
The Latest: 3 Syrian rebel groups agree to Damascus truce
The Health 202: Trump's executive order has a history. And the government says its not all great.
"U.S. withdraws from UNESCO, the U.N.'s cultural organization, citing anti-Israel bias"
A mother was jailed for refusing to vaccinate her son. Now she's outraged he's been immunized.
Paris hopes to ban gas-powered cars in city by 2030
The Latest: Trump lauds family's release from long captivity
Egypt accepts leading activist's appeal of life sentence
"The Latest: 65,000 recorded at Spanish loyalist rally"
The Health 202: Trump's executive order has a history. And the government says it's not all great.
The people of Puerto Rico have become political opponents for Trump
Russia could deploy more missiles in Baltic region: lawmaker
What Trump could learn from polar explorer Ernest Shackleton
Army: Bowe Bergdahl will plead guilty in connection with his disappearance in Afghanistan
AP PHOTOS: Wedding festival is boon for Moroccan village
"Dog days? In Italy, count them like family sick days"
House to vote on bill requiring discipline for agencies that retaliate against whistleblowers
Steps the U.S. government should take against the opioid epidemic right now
Passengers sue government over immigration authorities' demand they produce ID before leaving flight
These young ironworkers are betting on new technology - and traditional unions - to achieve their American dream
3 Syrian rebel groups agree to Damascus truce
House to vote on bill requiring discipline for officials who retaliate against whistleblowers
Steps the U.S. government should take right now against the opioid epidemic
6 dead as protests surge again in Ethiopia: Official
The Latest: Official says released family not in US custody
Trump's crystal-clear effort to torpedo Obamacare
"Myanmar's Suu Kyi urges unity, creates new aid committee"
Sen. Paul commends Trump's health-care executive order
"Somalia's defense minister, army chief resign: Official"
Probe blames poor evacuation plans in deadly Portugal fire
French President Macron launches Step 2 of labor changes
Trump promises 'Obamacare relief' with new executive order
Trump signs executive order on health care
This executive order is Trump's most significant step yet to undermine Obamacare
Trump: U.S. and Pakistan 'secured the release' of family from Haqqani network
"Trump signs order to eliminate ACA insurance rules, undermine marketplaces"
United Arab Emirates says it will stop issuing new visas to North Korean laborers
The Latest: Minister says Canada relieved that family feed
We'll probably never know exactly how many people died in the aftermath of Hurricane Maria
The Latest: UN says Syria fighting destroys vaccines
Paramedics save man after Dover sole jumps down his throat
The Latest: Trump says couple's release shows respect for US
The Latest: Boris Johnson says EU should show Brexit urgency
Trump simply doesn't get how to talk to and about people of color
How the Trump administration is undermining the ACA every step of the way
The full signing of Trump's health-care executive order
Puerto Rico is officially a problem for Trump. His numbers are worse than Bush's post-Katrina.
Sessions calls on Congress to tighten rules for people seeking asylum
"Killer wildfires continue to menace California's wine country, with 24 dead and hundreds missing"
Church denies First Communion to fashion-loving girl because she wanted to wear a suit
"Mudslides knock down homes, destroy roads in Puerto Rico town"
Netanyahu says Israel will follow the United States in pulling out of the United Nations' cultural agency
UAE stops issuing new visas for North Korean laborers
The Latest: Pennsylvania town delights in couple's release
"Hungary, Ukraine still at odds over Ukraine education law"
Egyptian Coptic priest killed in Cairo attack
"Trump's 10 softest interviews as president, ranked"
Divorce bill deadlock: EU laments progress on Brexit
Liberia political party calls for halt to vote-counting
"Trump stumping for Gillespie? White House, campaign in 'serious talks, ' Trump's Va. chairman says"
Macedonia: Man gets 4 years for April assault in parliament
Oops: Rick Perry flubs and calls Puerto Rico a 'country'
Researchers invent camouflaged membrane that hides like an octopus
Which public colleges have top grad rates for students in financial need?
Why fake news is a problem for Wall Street
Ex-first lady registers as independent candidate in Mexico
"White House chief Kelly: 'Unless things change, I'm not quitting. I'm not getting fired.'"
Rick Perry is corrected for calling Puerto Rico a 'country'
Which public colleges have the top graduation rates for students in financial need?
Orphan of Islamic State parents is home after year in limbo
Iraqi militias spokesman says Kurdish leader 'worse' than IS
Why is a former Clinton pollster writing iffy poll analysis that panders to Trump supporters?
Amazon is making it easier for teens to use their parents' credit cards
Inside American Caitlan Coleman's five-year ordeal as a Taliban prisoner
The Latest: Man says family was in car trunk during rescue
Rick Perry is corrected for calling Puerto Rico a country
Oops: Rick Perry flubs and calls Puerto Rico a country
'Objective analysis' or 'an absurdity'? Life as Trump's top economist
The Latest: John Kelly says ex-captives 'living in hole'
Prominent Greek lawyer shot and killed at Athens office
John Kelly offered a not-very-reassuring adage about diplomacy and war
"Trump's tweets anger, but do not surprise, Puerto Ricans"
"Rep. Chris Collins's advocacy for biotech company broke rules, House ethics watchdog finds"
Trump previously praised Boy Scouts for being an icon of traditionalism. But times change.
"Killer wildfires continue to menace California's wine country, with 26 dead and hundreds missing"
Trump nominates cybersecurity expert to lead DHS
Commerce secretary requests funding increase for 2020 Census
"24 hours, two crises, two very different Trumps"
'Objective analysis' or 'an absurdity'? Life as Trump's top economist.
Israeli security experts question reopening Iran deal
The Latest: Pakistani official recounts shootout
Officials: Attack in Egypt's Sinai kills 6 police
John Kelly's defense of Trump's threatening Puerto Rico tweets doesn't make sense
"The catastrophic toll of California's wildfires: 26 dead, hundreds missing, thousands displaced"
How Trump's executive order could weaken Obamacare
Black doll found hanging in school locker room. Superintendent rejects student claim it was 'foolish prank.'
Israeli defense experts warn against dropping Iran nuke deal
Rep. Velazquez grills Carson on 'shameful' Puerto Rico response
Why Trump isn't the first president to threaten FCC licenses
"The catastrophic toll of California's wildfires: 27 dead, hundreds missing, thousands displaced"
Oops: Rick Perry just called Puerto Rico a 'country'
"The catastrophic toll of California's wildfires: 29 dead, hundreds missing, thousands displaced"
Weah takes early lead in Liberia election's first results
A doctor shouted at a sick mother to 'get the hell out.' Now he's under criminal investigation.
Betsy DeVos releases her priorities for U.S. Education Department grants. Guess what's No. 1.
Italy populists protest passage of revised election rules
How does the 25th Amendment work?
Sessions calls on Congress to tighten rules for asylum seekers
Federal employees more positive about working for Uncle Sam
Russia objects to flag removal at shut diplomatic buildings
Black Americans want new gun laws to curb gun violence. Trump offers more police.
"House approves $36 billion in disaster aid, responding to wildfires and Puerto Rico crisis"
'She just broke her brand': Donna Karan's defense of Weinstein is taking its toll
"Captive for 5 years, US-Canadian family freed in Pakistan"
Romania: Ministers named in land transfer probe resign
Where's Zinke? The Interior secretary's special flag offers clues
"Las Vegas hotel owners dispute police timeline, say there was no gap between report of gunshots and massacre"
FDA advisers urge approval for first gene therapy for inherited disease
A 47-ton witness to Washington's past is slowly inched to the present
UN chief says donors kept famine at bay - but aid needed
Sweden: Police say terror not suspected in town shootings
"Trump signs order to eliminate ACA insurance rules, undermining marketplaces"
Ousted Venezuelan prosecutor leaks Odebrecht bribe video
Trump threat to abandon Puerto Rico recovery sparks a backlash
Immigration judges say proposed quotas from Justice Dept. threaten independence
Fewer employees on leave for alleged abuse or neglect in Md. school system
Kelly seeks to tamp down rumors he's unhappy working for Trump and on his way out
