"Questions about the U.S. military's evolving response to Hurricane Harvey, answered"
"In Texas chemical-plant fire, failure of backup measures raises new fears"
"With floodwaters rising and a rescue boat waiting, the urgent question: What to bring?"
An adrenaline-driven mission on the watery streets of Texas
New dangers keep appearing in Harvey's wake
Chemical safety agency that Trump wants to eliminate begins investigation of Texas plant explosion
"Texas city loses drinking water, chemicals ignite at plant as new dangers appear in Harvey's wake"
"An adrenaline-driven mission on the dark, watery streets of Texas"
Treasury inspector general to review Mnuchin flight to Ft. Knox
Grave new dangers emerge in Harvey's wake
A police officer told a woman 'we only kill black people' - on camera. Now he'll lose his job.
"Trump, lawmakers considering request for $6 billion in emergency Harvey-related aid"
The Trump administration may be about to commit to billions in additional spending
Treasury inspector general to review Mnuchin's flight to Fort Knox
"'I was in shock.' Residents of Mauriceville, Tex., react to flooding."
New dangers lurk in Harvey's wake
"'We only kill black people,' a cop told a woman - on camera. Now he'll lose his job."
"Rescuers at India building collapse find 15 injured, 24 dead"
Efforts to mend China-Vatican rift seem stalled over bishops
"3 weeks from New Zealand election, poll puts liberals ahead"
"David Clarke, outspoken Trump supporter, resigns as Milwaukee County sheriff without explanation"
"Rescuers at India building collapse find 15 injured, 33 dead"
Fact Check: Is there a 'surge' in violent crime?
Turmoil in Venezuela to vie for Pope's attention in Colombia
Tropical Storm Lidia lashes Mexico's Los Cabos resorts
Tuna-fishing nations agree on plan to replenish severely depleted Pacific bluefin stocks
Why Turkey's president cares so much about an 11th-century battle
"Kuwait's ruler, mediating Qatar crisis, heads to Washington"
Bomb targeting anti-Taliban elder kills 3 in NW Pakistan
A brief explainer on the BRICS summit in China's Xiamen
Flu outbreak kills 7 residents in Australian aged care home
"After Taiwan stop, fugitive Red Bull heir's path a mystery"
Reports: 12 female students killed in Iran road accident
Attorney General Jeff Sessions's claim that a violent crime wave is sweeping the nation
Can Trump get 'very rapid action' from Congress on emergency funding for Texas?
The mysterious drop in the number of migrants crossing the Mediterranean
"Pope, Orthodox leader blame 'moral decay' for ecology crisis"
Woman dies after botched breast procedure at Sydney clinic
Afghan president reaches out in peace to neighbor Pakistan
Kenya court set to rule on opposition's election challenge
Syria president to newly captured town for Eid prayers
Myanmar military drops charges against 5 journalists
Russia says it's studying US decision to shut its consulate
Hungary asks EU to help pay for anti-migrant border fence
"Kenya Supreme Court overturns president's re-election, cites irregularities and calls new vote"
"New mudslide hits villages in Switzerland, crushing homes"
Turkey's Erdogan slams US indictments as 'scandal'
"Kenya's Supreme Court overturns president's reelection victory, orders new vote"
The Latest: Kenya court nullifies president's election win
"Kenya's Supreme Court annuls presidential election result for irregularities, orders new election"
The Latest: Kenyatta lawyers call ruling 'very political'
Lawyers for Kenya's president call court's nullification of election 'very political decision'
"Kenya court nullifies president's win, calls for new vote"
Austria: Coalition partner takes other to court over 'lies'
Government to release August job growth and unemployment report
Thurgood Marshall asked an ex-Klan member to help him make Supreme Court history
"Kenya's Supreme Court annuls presidential election result for irregularities, orders new vote"
The Latest: Kenya opposition supporters celebrate ruling
Merkel challenger seeks momentum from German election debate
"Kenya opposition leader Odinga says 'very historic day,' calls ruling a precedent for Africa"
Voters value competence. That could be bad news for Trump.
Finnish police officers to get submachine guns
Brazil's Temer in China amid push for investment
"Rescue ends at collapsed Mumbai building, 33 dead"
"More than 100,000 displaced by flooding in central Nigeria"
"David Clarke, outspoken Trump supporter, resigns as Milwaukee County sheriff - without explanation"
Harvey's wake drifts north as battered coast left with lingering perils and staggering recovery
The Latest: Kenya's opposition targets election commission
AP PHOTOS: Ancient tradition of horsemanship in Morocco
Turkey's Erdogan slams US indictments as 'scandalous'
Myanmar military drops charges against 6 journalists
Germany: 2 more citizens held on political grounds in Turkey
Syria president travels to newly captured town for prayers
A look at Kenya's presidential candidates ... again
A singular storm in Houston; a recurring nightmare in Mumbai
Zagreb strips communist leader's name from central square
French government to implement broader economic reforms
A very intriguing new subplot in the Donald Trump Jr.-Russia meeting saga
Decoding the mysteries of a child's developing brain
"Harvey flooding knocks out Texas city's drinking water, rocks imperiled chemical plant"
Opponents of Dutch spy legislation move closer to referendum
Rescuers end search at collapsed Mumbai building; 33 dead
The Latest: France to push for new action for peace in Syria
French police detain second man in case of missing girl
American woman promises $22 million donation to German zoo
Hundreds of business leaders call on Trump to protect 'dreamers'
"Pope: Seeking clarity, I saw psychoanalyst weekly years ago"
Texas store owner confronts the aftermath of Harvey
"Job growth slumps in August, unemployment holds steady"
Kenya's president says '6 people have decided they will go against the will of the people'
"Back from watery grave: car stolen in 1979, owner, reuniting"
The Latest: Diplomats in Kenya hail democracy in vote ruling
"The Latest: Kenya leader disagrees with, respects ruling"
World's biggest X-ray goes into operation in Germany
The Latest: Syria rebels release captured government pilot
Kenyan president says he disagrees with court ruling nullifying election but respects it
RAF becomes UK's 1st service to open up all roles to women
"'We are in trouble.' Harvey flooding pushes chemical plant to the brink, turns Texas city into an island"
Job growth slumps in August
2 killed as mountain of garbage collapses in New Delhi
"Dozens of countries offered help after Hurricane Katrina. After Harvey, not so much."
"Zimbabwe's 1st lady speaks out, but not on assault claim"
"Moderate Republicans pitch DACA fix, but are short on votes"
"Harvey floods push Texas chemical plant to the brink, turn a city into an island without drinking water"
Texas store owner 'broken' after seeing flood damage from Harvey
Myanmar military says death toll in clashes almost 400
EU chief welcomes deal creating closer ties with Ukraine
Redford and Fonda show star power is ageless at Venice fest
The Latest: Kenya vote commission chief invites prosecution
"Whether she's on the $20 bill or not, Harriet Tubman made men pay for underestimating her"
Moderate Republicans pitch DACA fix but are short on votes
'We are not his subordinates': John McCain's rallying cry to the GOP resistance
"Harvey flooding leads to fires at Texas chemical plant, turns a city into an island"
Trump's job numbers trail Obama's in 2016 - and for that he can blame himself
Q&#038;A for federal workers: 1.9 percent pay raise looking likely
"Beaumont, Tex. residents: 'We really need water. We don't have any water.'"
A transgender Chechen woman and her plea for asylum in America
The most shocking political assassination of the last decade remains an utter mystery
World's highest sandcastle built in German city
Key developments in tug of war over US-Russia diplomats
The media narrative that really gets under Trump's skin
Here are some new top 20 schools: Virginia Tech and Montgomery College.
"Harvey flooding in Texas causes blasts at chemical plant, transforms a city into an island"
"Harvey's toll: $80 billion so far in damages, second only to Katrina"
The most shocking political assassination of the past decade remains an utter mystery
Ivanka Trump's disappearing act on equal pay
Yacht's distress call leads to big Greek marijuana bust
Top Senate Republicans accuse Comey of planning to clear Clinton before interviewing her
AP Glance: The Muslim hajj pilgrimage in numbers
3 soldiers killed in blasts in Somalia's Puntland region
The Latest: Kenya's leader calls Supreme Court 'crooks'
"Kenya's president calls Supreme Court 'crooks' after election is nullified, new vote called"
Colombian police kill top drug-trafficking fugitive
Job growth slumped in August
The Latest: Odinga says election observers 'sanitized fraud'
How our understanding of the Russia investigation evolved this week
"The peril of opposing Trump is very real, and it's coming into focus for the GOP"
"Harvey flooding in Texas batters chemical plant, transforms a city into an island"
Back from watery grave: car stolen in 1979 in France
Russia's top diplomat urges US to offer deal to North Korea
Famed T. rex 'Sue' getting a makeover at Field Museum in Chicago
"The bad news is that fish are eating lots of plastic. Even worse, they may like it."
Letting teens sleep in would save the country roughly $9 billion a year
"Harvey flooding in Texas batters chemical plant, damages more than 185,000 homes"
"Volunteers direct boat traffic, deliver groceries to flood victims"
Harvey causes long lines at the pump
Ethiopia says Somalia helped in rebel leader's 'surrender'
The peril of opposing Trump is very real
"As NAFTA talks resume, Mexicans say Trump is wrong to focus on the deficit"
French lawmaker detained by police after a scuffle
Israel welcomes UN mission in Lebanon under new mandate
"Paul Ryan, other GOP congressional leaders urge Trump not to terminate DACA"
Losing weight gets personal: Combining diet and behavioral changes may help
Cancer patients lack access to fertility support
Trump pulls back threat to shutdown government over border wall - for now
Why the Red Cross faces backlash on Harvey relief efforts
"German court set to throw out case against Nazi guard, as time runs short for Auschwitz trials"
Cardinal Cormac Murphy-O'Connor dies of cancer at 85
Cameroon frees 52 English-language activists from jail
"In 14 states, the number of births between 1990 and 2015 would have dropped without immigrant mothers"
"Trump charges that Clinton email probe was 'rigged,' based on when Comey drafted statement about it"
How a transgender Chechen escaped Russia and found asylum in the United States
Why Chinese companies are dumping bikes in cities around the world
The Latest: Carter Center defends Kenya vote observer work
Fonda and Redford wow Venice; she says sex improves with age
Pope saw psychoanalyst to seek 'clarity' years ago
"Trump: 'We love the Dreamers, we love everyone'"
'Relax. It's okay': How Breitbart is trying to reassure Trump supporters
"Harvey flooding will lead to 'massive, massive cleanup process,' Texas governor says"
Trump pulls back threat to shut down government over border wall - for now
Here's how the diplomatic tit-for-tat between Russia and the U.S. unfolded
Austria: Man convicted after texting anti-refugee message
AP PHOTOS: Thousands of Rohingya pour into Bangladesh
4 dead as Tropical Storm Lidia hits Mexico's Baja California
Warring sides in east Ukraine trade blame for breaking truce
Debris lines Houston streets as residents rebuild after Harvey
German court set to throw out case against Nazi guard as time runs short for Auschwitz trials
Trump signs proclamation for day of prayer
'Helping animals is what I do.' But could this vet save 128 dogs stranded by flooding?
"American diplomats suffered traumatic brain injuries in mystery attack in Cuba, union says"
US military says Somalia airstrike kills al-Shabab fighter
Paul Ryan and the conservative case for President Trump to keep DACA
How Bronco Jake Butt found a natural sponsorship: Charmin
"Kenyan court throws out president's win, calls for new vote"
A National Guard vehicle vanished near Houston. Soldiers found it with Snapchat.
Magnitude 5.0 earthquake hits Greek island of Rhodes
Mueller examining Trump's draft letter firing FBI Director Comey
Red Cross CEO gives update on Harvey relief work
Melania tells storm survivors 'be strong and everything will be ok'
Faith leaders put hands on Trump and pray
Trump thanks volunteer organizations for hurricane relief work
Bob Mueller has Trump's letter explaining why he fired James Comey. Here's why that's big.
Bob Mueller has an unreleased Trump letter about firing James Comey. Here's why that's big.
The stunning acoustic power of human echolocators
Hundreds are dead in Burma as the Rohingya crisis explodes again
Covering water damage - flood insurance around the world
'Pardon? The Dreamer program?' The leading candidate in Alabama's Senate race just had a 'What is Aleppo?' moment
"Say goodbye to Juicero, the maker of the $400 juicer"
A National Guard vehicle vanished near Houston. Soldiers used Snapchat to find it.
"Donald Trump Jr. is getting $100,000 for university speech sponsored by GOP donor's company"
Bob Mueller has an unreleased Trump letter about firing James B. Comey. Here's why that's big.
Trump's economy is doing (slightly) worse than Obama's
"Citing 'human element,' Tennessee pulls out of lawsuit against DACA"
"How Keith Schiller, Trump's former bodyguard, followed his boss to the White House"
'I felt like I was dying.' Nurse practitioner diagnosed with a rare complication to a hidden disease.
What is Uber's share price really worth? Who knows?!
"American diplomats suffered traumatic brain injuries in mystery attacks in Cuba, union says"
How water damages a flooded house - and how parts can be saved
How a little Capitol Hill kitchen store survives in the age of Amazon
"In the shadow of smoking chemical plant, residents worry about food and flooded homes"
Here are the questions that Sarah Sanders actually answered at today's news briefing
"The week in stocks: Aug. 28, 2017"
"Job satisfaction is up, but still well below one-time highs"
"In the shadow of a smoking chemical plant, residents worry more about food and flooded homes"
Emmanuel Macron scores a win where presidents failed to overhaul France's labor laws
Why a Chinese bid to buy Chicago Stock Exchange stirs security fears
Argentine demonstrators want answers about missing protester
"After Harvey, the Trump administration reconsiders flood rules it just rolled back"
What is Uber's stock really worth? Who knows?!
Venezuela probes wife of opposition's Lopez for cash in car
"As GOP rallies around DACA, Grassley sows doubts about its integrity"
"In a flooded Texas subdivision, the hard slog of rebuilding begins"
State Department reports new instance of American diplomats harmed in Cuba
"Crippled water system, chemical plant blaze, vivid examples of Harvey's cascading effects"
