Obama returns to political fray for a Democratic Party cause
Trump changes higher ed with rollback of Obama-era consumer protections
3 bodies found in condo parking lot in Mexico resort town
London firefighters at blaze at popular Camden Lock Market
Donald Trump Jr. met with Russian lawyer during presidential campaign after being promised information helpful to father's effort
Donald Trump Jr.'s stunning admission to the New York Times
Cardinal returns to Australia to face sexual assault charges
Fire erupts in part of popular Camden Lock Market in London
"Rebellious inmates burn Guyana prison, battle police"
Vietnam seizes 3 tons of ivory smuggled from South Africa
"Tour bus crashes in Peru's capital, killing at least 9"
Strong aftershock follows damaging quake in mid-Philippines
Hurricane Eugene weakens off Mexico; no threat to land
"Sweden is the best country in the world to be an immigrant, U.S. study says"
"In Mexico, massacre of family underlines surging violence"
Trump hails G-20 'success.' Others see political chaos and American decline.
Most Asian stock markets higher following Wall Street gains
Cambodia passes bill tightening screws on opposition
"Japanese leader sees popularity sink, seeks Cabinet shuffle"
Iraqi troops push to clear last Mosul ground of IS militants
Afghan students denied US visa to attend robot competition
"Fact Checker's guide to obstruction of justice, executive privilege and impeachment"
Scholars: White House's name gaffe not helping US-China ties
Kenya opposition leader briefly hospitalized for dehydration
Police patrol for poachers as animals flee flooding in India
"Bomb kills police chief, 2 others in southwest Pakistan town"
Austria denies permission for Turkish minister to visit
"Analysis: For US allies, Trump remains a wild card"
Tillerson calls on Russia to reduce tensions in Ukraine
"Japan's leader sees popularity sink, seeks Cabinet shuffle"
Fire strikes building in London's Camden market
Japan's prime minister Abe continues Nordic tour to Finland
"Pakistani journalist taken from home, freed after 24 hours"
Turkey detains academics for alleged links to cleric Gulen
EU parliament condemns UK Brexit proposals on citizen rights
UN envoy launches new round of Syria talks amid cease-fire
Police: Indonesia bomb maker wanted to join Philippine fight
Tillerson on Gulf shuttle diplomacy to ease Qatar crisis
Charlie Gard case heads to UK court in light of new evidence
"Ukraine says it will focus on reforms, not NATO membership"
Hurricane Eugene weakening over cooler waters in Pacific
French lawmakers debating measure to speed up labor reforms
Hospital: Ailing China Nobel laureate in critical condition
Pakistan concludes probe into PM family's offshore accounts
"Hospital treating Chinese Nobel Peace laureate Liu Xiaobo says he's critically ill, experts in 'active rescue' mode"
The Latest: China says US has apologized for name gaffe
China says US has apologized for Taiwan name gaffe
Populist business tycoon inaugurated as Mongolia's president
Fake news might be harder to spot than most people believe
New rankings tackle old problem: Measuring the outcome of college
A magazine for lesbians was illegal 70 years ago. She created one anyway.
The Latest: Merkel: China dissident's health a great concern
Israel: Palestinian assailant killed after attacking soldier
Turkey's opposition leader visits prison and demands justice
Burundi official says 8 people killed in grenade attack
The Latest: Turkey's Erdogan: Mosul may be free but in ruins
UK government's sale of arms to Saudis ruled lawful
The Daily 202: Trump aides learn the perils of speaking for a president who changes his story
Coal-fired plants top polluters in Europe
Tillerson hopes to mend strained US-Turkey ties
Tillerson aims to ease Qatar crisis with shuttle diplomacy
Pro-fascist posters at beach near Venice are ordered removed
Trump accuses Comey of illegally leaking classified information
A drug company tried to make opioids harder to abuse. It backfired.
Can less invasive uterine fibroid treatment improve fertility?
German official to hold talks with Turkey on climate issue
The Kremlin says it is unaware of a meeting between Donald Trump's staff and a Russian lawyer during the 2016 campaign.
Things are so bad in Venezuela that people are rationing toothpaste
Bones found near wreckage of US bomber in Croatia
Israel overrules its ambassador to Hungary on anti-Soros ads
"Africa has new UN heritage sites in Angola, Eritrea, SAfrica"
Moscow denies knowledge of Trump Jr's meeting with lawyer
Trump defends his daughter Ivanka's breach of diplomatic protocol
The Energy 202: Trump stands alone at G-20 on Paris climate accords
"Austria denies Turkish minister's visit, Ankara critical"
The Finance 202: Trump economy could be boosted by uptick in job hunters
Donald Trump Jr. just contradicted a whole bunch of White House denials of Russian contacts
Defunding Planned Parenthood could leave women with few options
"Is Britain complicit in alleged Saudi war crimes? A court rules 'no,' but leaves critics' questions unanswered."
The Latest: Germany concerned over leaked video of Liu visit
Kremlin denies knowing of Donald Trump Jr. meeting with Russian lawyer during 2016 campaign
South African park rangers search for 4 escaped lions
Trump accuses James Comey of breaking the law - based on a misleading Fox News report
The Health 202: Cruz picks government health care subsidies as lesser of two evils
"Is Britain complicit in alleged Saudi war crimes? A court rules 'no,' but won't explain."
NATO: We're supplying new cybersecurity equipment to Ukraine
The Latest: UN says Iraq crisis lingers despite Mosul gains
"UK, Australian leaders visit site of Borough Market attack"
Teen camper wakes up to 'crunching noise' - and discovers his head is inside bear's mouth
"Soldier accused of killing his wife and a New York state trooper, police say"
Kellyanne Conway went on CNN. Then she wouldn't get off.
Iraqi troops fight to clear IS from last patch of Mosul
The Latest: Protesters in Hong Kong demand Liu's release
2nd WWII bomb secured by experts in eastern Poland
Let them eat lobster: Trump and Macron will dine at expensive Paris restaurant
Khmer Rouge tribunal explains limits on prosecutions
Greece: Protest and fire break out at Lesbos migrant camp
Here are the times that Trump allies have denied or obscured links to Russian agents
4 scenarios that could doom Senate Republicans' health-care bill (again)
Is your surgeon double-booked?
UK court rehears Charlie Gard case in light of new evidence
EU parliament threatens veto on Brexit over citizens' rights
Spyware in Mexico targeted international experts
3 Portuguese officials quit amid probe into trips abroad
Democrats' internal dispute over the white working class is about to get real
Federal prosecutors step up probe of land deal pushed by wife of Bernie Sanders
Republicans say Medicaid is 'broken.' Here's how the people it covers feel.
'Charlie's got a chance to get better': Charlie Gard's parents back in court over dying son
Panel in Poland cancels 2 restitution decisions found wrong
"Sightseeing bus crashes in Peru capital, killing at least 9"
Prominent Bahraini activist sentenced to 2 years prison
Four scenarios that could doom Senate Republicans' health-care bill (again)
The Latest: Emotion-charged Charlie Gard case to continue
British judge sets another hearing on experimental treatment for terminally ill baby Charlie Gard
The new culture war targeting American universities appears to be working
"EU official to Moldova: Reform first, then apply to join"
Relatives of slain US troops describe loss to Jordan court
Donald Trump Jr. met with Russian lawyer during 2016 campaign
Ivanka Trump's unlikely defender in G-20 controversy? Angela Merkel.
Donald Trump Jr.'s Russia meeting contradicts White House's defenses
Here's every total solar eclipse happening in your lifetime. Is this year your best chance?
Romania: Ex-mayor gets suspended sentence for beach sales
Russian thrust into Trump campaign scandal unknown at home
Graft probe of Pakistan PM finds wealth 'disparity'
5 big questions after the bombshell about Donald Trump Jr. and the Russian lawyer
What consumers should consider when buying an electric car
Charlie Gard's parents to present new evidence in case surrounding terminally ill son
The Latest: Iraq PM declares 'total victory' in Mosul
UK court sets new hearing in case of terminally ill baby
UN envoy says Syria cease-fire generally holding
New UN mission in Colombia to focus on reintegrating FARC
"Kellyanne Conway's endless CNN interview, explained"
One hint that the GOP is struggling on health care: Democrats tweet about it a lot more
"DNC invests earlier in state parties, voter persuasion"
'Opposition research' and 6 other defenses of Donald Trump Jr.
5 big questions on that bombshell about Donald Trump Jr. and the Russian lawyer
A Texas judge was suspended after saying she sexted her bailiff and used him to buy drugs
The stubbornly persistent idea about climate change that just won't go away
Georgetown's peeping rabbi is now the subject of a play
New drug restores memories in brain-damaged mice
"The founder of Death Cafe has died, but his movement to accept our inevitable end will live on"
"In nature, the littlest things can have the biggest impact"
FDA chief to impose tougher doctor-training rules on opioid manufacturers
"Brain-training games don't really train brains, a new study suggests"
Meeting between Trump Jr. and Russian lawyer was requested by Russian pop star whose family is close to Putin
"North Korea's surprising, lucrative relationship with Africa"
Iraq's prime minister announces victory against the Islamic State in Mosul
"An Airbnb guest was late checking out, so the host shoved her - down a staircase, she said"
A Nepali teen was banished to a dark shed for having her period. A snake bite killed her.
Suspected rebels kill at least 7 Hindu pilgrims in Kashmir
Iraqi prime minister declares 'total victory' in Mosul
Senegal's ex-president returns for legislative elections
Israel's Labor elects newcomer Gabbay as party leader
Rafael Nadal loses to Gilles Muller 15-13 in 5th set in 4th round at Wimbledon
The Latest: US calls Mosul victory a 'critical milestone'
Store-brand smackdown: The country's largest grocer is suing a rival with just 10 U.S. stores
"Soldier is accused of killing his wife and a New York state trooper, police say"
Why is Trump more worried about coal miners than department store employees?
New Jersey is calling Chris Christie names. And now he's calling them names right back.
Obamacare marketplaces just had their most profitable first quarter ever
An 18-second clip released by South Korea appears to offer first footage of WWII 'comfort women'
Venezuela national guard official charged for congress raid
Key lawmaker says Brazilian president should be put on trial
Cyprus: Gas drilling on course despite peace talks' failure
Defense Department to spend additional $5.6 billion on F-35 fighter planes
Iraqi declares 'total victory' over Islamic State in Mosul
"Senate Republicans plan to introduce a new health bill this week, vote next week"
A high school journalist called Jim Mattis. The man known as 'Chaos' answered.
"Abercombie's potential sale just fell apart, sending its stock tumbling"
Defense Department to spend $5.6 billion on 74 more F-35 fighter planes
Israel's Labor party elects newcomer Gabbay as leader
The stubborn worry about climate change that just won't go away
"Abercrombie's potential sale just fell apart, sending its stock tumbling"
Poland: Protest held of monthly memorial for late president
Tesla's sales stall in Hong Kong as tax breaks end. Could the U.S. be next?
Tillerson arrives in Kuwait as part of shuttle diplomacy to ease Qatar crisis
"Hurricane Eugene weakens, but could whip up California surf"
Diplomats: US drafts new sanctions resolution against NKorea
Police say they shot two dogs who 'charged' at an officer. Then the homeowner posted her video.
The galaxy of lawyers defending Team Trump on the Russia probe gets another star
This unique George Mason program is for those who understand the 'universal language' of sports
"Federal government cancels costly, decade-long search for a new FBI headquarters"
Trump Jr. is now at the center of the Russia controversy - and always ready to fight
Trump voting panel tells states to hold off sending data while court weighs privacy impact
"Soldier in Hawaii arrested in terrorism probe, officials say"
Senate Democrats seek new allies in effort to scuttle Obamacare overhaul: Republican governors
US envoy urges Myanmar to give visas to UN rights mission
