China says defense budget to rise slightly to $173 billion in 2018
IAAF head Coe accused of misleading UK parliamentary inquiry
US Embassy in Turkey shut for unspecified 'security threat'
"The Latest: Hung parliament, long govt talks, seen for Italy"
Fragmented Italian election result reveals power of populists
China says defense budget to rise to $173 billion in 2018
The Latest: Italian parties await more results to comment
"China sets growth target, set to end president term limit"
Cardinal Pell facing Australian court on sex abuse charges
Election projections in Italy point to hung Parliament
2018 is the year of scientists running for Congress
How the Oscar-winning 'Coco' and its fantastical afterlife forced us to talk about death.
"An Illinois gun show bans AR-15 sales, landing it at the center of a national gun-control debate"
Hurricanes left behind mountains of trash in the Virgin Islands - and there's nowhere to put it
'A moment of awe': Photo of little girl captivated by Michelle Obama portrait goes viral
'I just saw blood and the little girl': 2-year-old at Payless killed by falling mirror
An exercise pill may be in the future for those incapable of working out
Crunched for time? Snack on some science.
US Navy carrier's visit to Vietnam puts China on notice
China targets robust growth as Xi bids to rule indefinitely
The Latest: Brexiteer Farage notes anti-EU showing in Italy
Election projections point to euroskeptic shift in Italy
"Kashmir shuts after Indian troops kill 4 civilians, 1 rebel"
The Latest: S. Korean delegation heads to N. Korea for talks
Crossover candidate livens up Venezuela's presidential race
China cuts reference to Hong Kong's people governing themselves in key report
Italy's election is another blow to the European establishment
Will the FCC's net neutrality repeal grind the Internet to a halt?
Republicans are calling for the impeachment of Pennsylvania judges. It's nothing new.
Putin just bragged about Russia's nuclear weapons. Here's the real story.
A new poll shows how younger women could help drive a Democratic wave in 2018
"Nepotism aside, Kushner is part of a big club when it comes to security clearance problems"
Trump's 'dreamer' deadline has arrived. Here are five scenarios how the battle will end.
North Korean leader holds first direct talks with delegation from rival South
The 5 biggest questions after Italy's elections gave a lift to populists
"Amid shelling, U.N. convoy begins aid distribution in Syria's Ghouta"
"China boosts defense budget seeking 'world-class' military, but tells neighbors not to worry"
"China warns about attacks on free trade, even as it keeps its own barriers in place"
"Trump says American workers are hurt by immigration. But after ICE raided this town, they never showed up."
Inside the mind of an alleged school shooter: A plot to kill '50 or 60'
"The Barf Blog sounds disgusting, but it may help you avoid unsafe food"
South Korea is dropping its maximum workweek to 52 hours. There is no federal limit in the United States.
Our anger is poisoning us. Here's what I learned after my son died.
"In 2004, he walked into school with a shotgun. Today - from prison - he weighs in on Parkland."
"The rapist of 13-year-old at church camp got no jail time. Now, thousands want the judge removed."
Prominent Harvard professor placed on leave following accusations of decades of sexual harassment
Oscars: Twitter's #HereWeAre TV ad draws criticism
'Kill all white people': Accused killer who targeted white victims now charged in six murders
U.N. aid convoy enters Syria's Ghouta amid shelling
Italian vote highlights growing struggle to govern in Europe as populist forces rise
"Nunes echoes Trump's authoritarian view on press, says Stephen Colbert's skit about him is a 'danger' to the country"
"Trump's untrue, upside-down assessment of the investigation into Russian interference"
The Health 202: One GOP lawmaker is hoping to take a big bipartisan step on opioid addiction
The Energy 202: The next wildfire season starts soon. The government wants to use drones to fight it.
"The Daily 202: Democratic committees divided over playing in primaries, with Texas as ground zero"
The Finance 202: Trump protectionist flank sells trade agenda
U.N. convoy begins aid distribution in Syria's besieged Ghouta area amid shelling
Kim Jong Un holds first direct talks with delegation from South Korea
Messy election results in Italy and Germany highlight growing struggle to govern in Europe as populist forces rise
Seoul envoy to raise nuclear disarmament on North Korea trip
French foreign minister in Iran amid missile criticism
"China sets robust economic target, promises market opening"
Cardinal's alleged sex victims testify in Australian court
"The rapist of 13-year-old at church camp got no prison time. Now, thousands want the judge removed."
'Kill all white people': Accused killer who targeted white victims now charged in six deaths
Paul Ryan doesn't want Trump's trade war. But will he actually do anything about it?
"Corruption inquiry follows Netanyahu to Washington, clouding White House meeting"
The Russian interference fight was encapsulated in one CNN show in July 2016
Trump's own Cabinet secretary just admitted Trump's word isn't worth much
Michigan State braces for white-nationalist speech as protesters converge
Babies with Down syndrome take center stage in the U.S. abortion fight
"How to slice, pit and peel an avocado without ending up in the ER"
A middle school teacher led a double life as a white nationalist podcaster
Videos show how badly last week's nor'easter battered the coast
Don't avoid all packaged foods as unhealthy; some are good for you
Utica College on lockdown after 'credible threat'
Why the remarkable West Virginia teachers strike is not over after eight days
"What's wrong, and how do we help? Getting children the right mental-health support."
"He was deported twice - but still reaped $361,000 in government benefits using a stolen identity"
A surgeon is suspended for operating on the wrong patient - and his colleagues go on strike
"Man pretended to be a maintenance worker, then sexually assaulted a woman, police say"
"Report: Black women underrepresented in elected offices, but could make gains and history in 2018"
"Former Trump aide Sam Nunberg called before grand jury, says he will refuse to go"
Trump is implicated in his attorney's Stormy Daniels payment for the first time
Eric Trump celebrates ratings news that is inextricable from partisan politics
Trump welcomes embattled Netanyahu as corruption probe follows Israeli leader to Washington
"Utica College on lockdown, evacuates after 'credible threat'"
United Airlines issues ground stop on plan to dole out employee bonuses by lottery
Ryan splits with Trump on trade as GOP lawmakers move to block planned tariffs
Ex-Trump aide: Trump 'may very well have done something during the election with the Russians'
A U.S. aircraft carrier arrived in Vietnam for the first time since the fall of Saigon
Islamic State releases video of a deadly attack on U.S. soldiers
African migrants facing deportation in Israel
"After reports of chemical attacks, White House considers new military action against Syrian regime"
"Why Europe may retaliate against Kentucky bourbon, Levi's blue jeans and Harley-Davidson motorcycles"
Trump's name stripped from Panama hotel as showdown appears to end
The Islamic State released a video of a deadly attack of U.S. soldiers. Here's why it matters.
China cuts reference in key report to Hong Kong's people governing themselves
Italian populists declare new epoch after election victory
'The backlash is coming': The global wave of #MeToo
Italy election results highlight struggle to govern in Europe as populist forces rise
China boosts defense budget in quest for 'world class' military but tells neighbors not to worry
Monarch butterfly numbers off for 2nd year in Mexico
Slovak PM accuses president of destabilizing country
Leaders from ALBA bloc remember late President Hugo Chavez
US trade representative says progress slow at NAFTA talks
UN chief appoints Bloomberg as envoy for climate action
Czechs protest parliamentary post for communist-era officer
"'Nazis go home!' Fights break out at Michigan State as protesters, white supremacists converge for Richard Spencer speech"
Senior EPA press official has a side job as an outside media consultant
The nor'easter was so big that its waves reached Puerto Rico - and the result was not good
"Utica College on lockdown, evacuates after threats"
Northeast to face a second nasty nor'easter in five days
"With an eye on November, students and well-funded groups are teaming up on gun regulation"
Mississippi GOP Sen. Thad Cochran's resignation is the last thing Republicans need right now
"With Trump now a candidate, further restrictions on political activities apply to federal employees"
'You're not going to save anybody': What the last person to rebuff an independent counsel subpoena would say to Sam Nunberg
Mississippi's Sen. Thad Cochran to resign from the Senate after four-decade congressional career
"'Nazis, go home': Fights break out at Michigan State as protesters, white supremacists converge for Richard Spencer event"
Trump's name is stripped from Panama hotel
Cuba condemns US cuts to embassy staff over 'health attacks'
"Mexican writers, intellectuals demand end to political probe"
Argentina ex-leader on trial for alleged cover-up in bombing
British media say former Russian spy in critical condition
Seoul envoys meet N. Korea's Kim during Pyongyang trip
"Italy's populist parties rule the day, but will they rule?"
