"For some Democrats running for Congress, a strategic navigation of gun issues"
Conservatives' annual conference will toast Trump with critics out of sight
"House Judiciary Democrats: Focus after Parkland shooting should also be on guns, not just FBI's misstep"
White House intends to meet with leading veterans groups amid drama at VA
"Ferry blast injures passengers in Playa del Carmen, Mexico"
Russian curler to return Olympic medal over failed drug test
Clarification: United Nations-Palestinians-Israel story
'Fix it': Students and parents tell Trump he needs to address gun violence at schools
Mexico judge rules arrest of alleged cartel boss was illegal
UN vote expected on 30-day cease-fire in Syria to help needy
The Latest: Slalom shock as favorite Hirscher skis out
Magnitude-4.8 quake strikes off Greek island of Zakynthos
The Latest: Kristoffersen leads Olympic men's slalom
50 girls missing from Nigerian town after Boko Haram attack
Colombia arrests cop who got Escobar for money laundering
Top Greek politicians facing probe over pharma scandal
Couple charged with keeping four adopted children locked in the dark without food or toilets
"Emma Gonzalez hated guns before. Now, she's speaking out on behalf of her dead classmates."
Mystery cloaks Japanese dad of 13 born from Thai surrogates
The Latest: Shiffrin sets up Olympic showdown with Vonn
5 teens in Australian hospital after drug overdose at school
"Marco Rubio aims for nuance at town hall, while the crowd demands gun-control action"
Tennessee Tech withdraws industry-funded study used to back controversial EPA truck rule
A superintendent threatens to suspend students protesting gun laws. But that's not legal.
The Latest: US puts Rooney in net for gold medal hockey game
China says fire in sacred Tibetan monastery not arson
Mexican candidate: government erred in not going after arms
Greek parliament to probe 10 politicians over pharma scandal
"At CNN town hall, parents and survivors of Florida shooting confront Marco Rubio and the NRA"
The Latest: Swede Myhrer wins Olympic gold in men's slalom
Andre Myhrer of Sweden wins Olympic gold medal in men's slalom
Venezuelan pastor fills presidential void left by opposition
Philippine rebels reject terror tag but still open to talks
First Person: How Pyeongchang might feel to a North Korean
"Sen. Menendez probes whether U.S. officials helped Trump Jr. on speech, India trip"
The world sits by as another massacre unfolds in Syria
Michelle Gisin of Switzerland wins Olympic gold in women's combined; Mikaela Shiffrin gets silver; Vonn skis out
Blinded investigator to Indonesia graft fighters: Stay brave
The Latest: US-Canada women's hockey title game goes to OT
African asylum seekers facing expulsion have embraced Israel
"Rubio takes a risk in emotional gun debate, facing critics and warming to new firearm restrictions"
"US women end drought, beat Canada for gold in a shootout"
The Latest: US beats Canada for gold in women's hockey game
France plays catch-up coping with radicalized prisoners
South Koreans call for skaters to be booted from games
U.S. senator probes if embassy officials helped Trump Jr. on speech for India trip
"The Latest: Canadian player takes off silver medal, some cry"
North to send another senior delegation for Olympic closer
"Landslide kills 5, leaves 15 missing in Indonesia's Java"
Drug overdose at private school hospitalizes Australian boys
US women beat Canada for gold in a 3-2 shootout thriller
Court considers banning diesel cars in German cities
China probing possible violation of UN sanctions on N. Korea
Dutch prosecutors to decide on criminal tobacco case
"Unprepared and outclassed, North Korea wraps up Olympics"
Russian curler stripped of Olympic medal in doping case
Five reasons the Olympics haven't solved the North Korea problem
Sweden is taking on Russian meddling ahead of fall elections. The White House might take note.
Merkel urges solidarity from all EU on taking migrants
"In Syria, a father says last goodbye to dead child"
The Latest: Wu of China sets world record in 500 meters
Want an evening out with Trump Jr? You're probably too late
"At Olympics, omnipresent flags are a tricky political dance"
What will happen to El Salvador when the U.S. ends the protected status of Salvadoran immigrants?
"Marco Rubio and the NRA confronted by shooting survivors, grieving parents at tense town hall"
"Europe is rewriting dark chapters of its past, and 6 other global stories you might have missed"
"Duterte: Labor ban to Kuwait stays, may be expanded"
Dutch prosecutors reject calls for criminal tobacco case
Angry Air France staff demonstrate during strike over pay
"The Latest: Wu sets record, wins China's 1st gold in sprint"
Palestinian killed in Israeli army arrest raid in West Bank
The economics of arming America's schools
The Finance 202: Treasury to Wall Street: 'Too big to fail' should stay
Trump wants to cut immigration and foreign aid. Here's how they're connected.
The real reason Congress banned assault weapons in 1994 - and why it worked
Does the Second Amendment really protect assault weapons? Four courts have said no.
Texas board recommends clemency after father's pleas for his son on death row
Why I will never carry a gun in my classroom
"As an Arkansas judge, he dismissed sentences for sexual favors. Now he's going to prison."
Trump open to teachers in the U.S. to be armed. Other countries have different ideas
EU court: Poland has violated EU air quality laws
Russia says it will consider supporting UN-proposed cease-fire in Syria if it doesn't cover IS and al-Qaida-linked group
European flight safety agency issues drone guidelines
The Latest: Belarus wins gold in women's 4x6-kilometer relay
Bangladesh High Court accepts appeal by ex-PM in graft case
"Afghan officials: Taliban attack police, intelligence"
"'ATTACKS WOULD END!': Trump expresses support for raising assault rifle age to 21, presses cases for arming some teachers"
"The Daily 202: Trump tries to show empathy for gun violence victims, but don't expect tears"
"Marco Rubio's intense, emotional exchange with the father of a Parkland victim, annotated"
Bernie Sanders kicks off 3 days of rallies for like-minded candidates
This simple technological fix helped veterans get health benefits
U.S. senator probes if embassy officials helped Trump Jr. with speech for India trip
British Prime Minister Theresa May just got called out on live TV for the Grenfell fire
Trump is open to arming teachers in the U.S. Other countries have different ideas.
German ex-priest convicted of sexually abusing boys
Pakistan says Indian sniper fire killed worker in Kashmir
Retirees protest across Spain to call for higher pensions
"UK's May gathers divided Cabinet, seeking Brexit compromise"
UK police investigating package sent to Harry and Meghan
Duterte bans reporter from presidential palace compound
The Health 202: Gun violence research by the government hasn't been funded in two decades. But that may soon change.
The Energy 202: Trump's offshore drilling proposal has a cost besides potential oil spills
"'ATTACKS WOULD END!': Trump expresses support for raising assault rifle age to 21, presses case for arming some teachers"
"As an Arkansas judge, he dismissed sentences for sexual photos. Now he's going to prison."
Trump Jr.'s trip to India has sparked controversy - and $15 million in sales
"Fewer women want to be scientists in wealthy, equal countries"
Trump supports arming some teachers in the U.S. Other countries have different ideas.
Why a London rapper called British prime minister Theresa May a 'criminal' on live TV
Police seal off Brussels streets amid reports of gunman
Turkey says won't allow 'one-sided' gas search off Cyprus
Slovenia governmen sacks army chief over failed NATO tests
European Central Bank hints at revising stimulus outlook
The Latest: Police: Brussels incident 'not terror-related'
Runaway cow in Poland dies after recapture
CPAC wants to showcase a global 'conservative' movement. It's mainly proving its limits.
The NRA's opposition to 'crazy' gun owners is full of holes
Talk of guns and Marco Rubio's 'guts' at CNN town hall
"'ATTACKS WOULD END!': Trump doubles down on arming some teachers, defends NRA"
A safety officer overheard a threat. Police say that may have helped thwart a school shooting.
This man's brain tumor was so big that it 'sat like a head on top of another head'
China says controversy over 'racist' blackface skit was designed to undermine relations with Africa
"Italy's Salvini praises Trump, discusses school shootings"
Germany nixes special visa treatment for Cambodia officials
Rights group challenges Kenya's anti-gay laws in court
Egypt: 7 troops killed in Sinai anti-militant operation
EU court says Poland violated air quality laws in 2007-2015
Billy Graham to lie in honor at the U.S. Capitol
Talk of guns and Marco Rubio's 'guts' at CNN town hall meeting
NRA chief echoes Trump and calls for more armed security at schools
Here are Billy Graham's funeral details: A viewing at the U.S. Capitol and a private service in N.C.
CNN makes history with stunning event on gun violence
Trump project in India saw $15 million in sales after buyers were offered dinner with Donald Trump Jr.
University experts to lead Puerto Rico storm death review
AP Interview: Qatari envoy calls for emergency aid to Gaza
The Latest: Red Cross 'shocked' by violence near Damascus
Puerto Rico governor says George Washington University will lead review into number of deaths caused by Hurricane Maria.
Ex-rising star of French far right steps into US limelight
Flow of undocumented migrants to Switzerland shrinks in 2017
"No, a new court filing doesn't suggest that Michael Flynn is about to be exonerated"
Marco Rubio is right: There probably isn't a loophole-free assault weapons ban
Marco Rubio says banning all semiautomatic weapons is 'a position well outside the mainstream.' Polls show otherwise.
"NRA goes on the offensive after Parkland shooting, assailing media and calling for more armed school security"
Here are details for Billy Graham's funeral: A viewing at the U.S. Capitol and a private service in N.C.
"As Syria bloodshed continues, U.N. will consider emergency cease-fire"
Online dating couple jailed in UK for IS-inspired bomb plot
Runaway cow in Poland dies 'from stress' after recapture
Parents: 101 Nigerian girls missing after Boko Haram attack
Trump brings the gun-control conversation back to himself and 'fake news'
The NRA's new talking point - that the media 'loves mass shootings' - smacks of desperation
Far-right French politician to CPAC: 'Vive le nationalisme'
'There was a mistake made': No. 2 FBI official addresses criticism over fumbled tip on Nikolas Cruz
Vonn scatters grandfather's ashes near downhill course
UNICEF official resigns after allegations made
Argentina: arrests after cocaine seized at Russian embassy
The Latest: Syria's Assad meets Russian envoy amid violence
Trump casually threatens to pull ICE officers out of California to teach the state a lesson
"'I don't think people recognize how dire it is:' West Virginia teachers strike, closing all public schools"
Poland's new 'Holocaust law' comes up against massacre of Jews in 1941
India to Justin Trudeau: Stop trying so hard
Dutch lawmakers label massacre of Armenians as genocide
The Latest: Syrian aid convoy under Turkish fire in Afrin
French court keeps Islamic scholar Tariq Ramadan in prison
Haiti suspends Oxfam pending investigation into sexual abuse
Security Council to meet amid calls for Syria cease-fire
Glenn Beck's dim view of CPAC: 'Perhaps next year they will book Richard Spencer'
Florida Gov. Rick Scott stays in sync with the NRA as he faces a reckoning on guns
Fla. GOP lawmakers move ahead on raising age minimum for buying assault rifles
The NRA goes to DEFCON 1 with its new talking points
Romanian minister calls for firing of anti-graft prosecutor
The Latest: Syrian leaflets urge Ghouta residents to leave
"Pennsylvania Republicans lost the redistricting battle. Now, they're declaring war on the courts."
NRA-backed Sen. Pat Roberts: 'Nobody under 21 should have an AR-15'
"Two weeks after Trump chose him for ambassador, nominee pledged money for a gala at Trump's club"
"If video games spur gun violence, it's only in the United States"
"Florida shooting survivor David Hogg, target of online vilification, doesn't want to 'censor' critics"
GWU experts tapped to review Hurricane Maria death toll in Puerto Rico
A little girl saw an emotional-support dog on a plane. It went for her face.
What happens to teaching and learning if educators holster 9mm Glocks on their waistband?
"'I don't think people recognize how dire it is': West Virginia teachers strike, closing all public schools"
Nursing home workers charged after a WWII vet was left alone to die
Is the red stiletto emoji sexist? Here's the backstory of the new women's shoe icon.
A 'dairy-free' yogurt is being recalled in the U.K. - because it contains milk
"Dana Loesch, the NRA's brash spokeswoman, dials back the rage at CNN town hall"
GOP congresswoman claims 'so many' mass murderers 'end up being Democrats'
"Venezuela's Maduro calls for ""mega-election"" that could cement his power"
"Special counsel Mueller files new charges in Manafort, Gates case"
Theresa May wines and dines her Brexit 'war cabinet' in a bid to hash out a policy
Mattis expected to back allowing transgender troops to stay in the military
Argentina: Drug seizure at Russian embassy leads to arrests
The Latest: Sweden's UN ambassador urges Syria ceasefire
Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens indicted on felony invasion of privacy charge stemming from affair
"Hoyer ventures into Rust Belt, honing Democratic economic message"
Illinois governor toasts diversity - with chocolate milk
How Trump made up with Australia's prime minister after a 'most unpleasant call'
Spectacular fossils found at Bears Ears - right where Trump removed protections
Florida House votes to force schools to display 'In God We Trust' a day after refusing to consider gun control
"Nation of immigrants? According to U.S. Customs and Immigration Services, not so much."
States reach a $650 million settlement over exploding Takata air bags
Could the Trump administration really sell an airport to the highest bidder?
An American teacher in Paris learns the importance of a fine French lunch
This weird February heat dome on the East Coast could be unprecedented
Trump's solution for school shootings: Arm teachers
"As Syria bloodshed continues, U.N. delays vote on emergency cease-fire"
Venezuela's Maduro calls for 'mega-election' that could cement his power
"Why school shootings are so rare in Israel, where guns are such a common sight"
Police officer dies after fan violence before game in Spain
Russian indicted by US seen as doing favors for Putin
The Latest: US: Assad planning to 'bomb or starve' opponents
Why taking gun stocks out of the Florida teachers pension is not simple
"'They have had it': West Virginia teachers strike, closing all public schools"
"Nation of immigrants? According to U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, not so much."
North Korea criticizes UN chief over support for sanctions
Officer dies of cardiac arrest after fan violence in Spain
Top US diplomat in Venezuela under fire after comments
