How the opposition to Pelosi as speaker compares to the rest of the Democratic caucus
Special counsel Robert Mueller's team defends legitimacy of his appointment
"Bisexual women are more likely to misuse prescription opioids, study finds. But why?"
Former vice president Joe Biden gets a new four-legged friend
The maternity homes where 'mind control' was used on teen moms to give up their babies
3 men charged with planning mass killing in Australian city
UNESCO calls for more to be done for migrants' education
White House discusses possible Trump visit to troops in Iraq or Afghanistan
Trump EPA official who was indicted on ethics charges has resigned
"New peanut allergy drug could herald a 'sea change' in treating food allergies, but it's not a cure"
"Gunman kills one and wounds two, including a police officer, in shooting at Chicago hospital"
Bloomberg gift to Hopkins to help middle-income families as well as the poor
"For Trump, the relationship with Saudi Arabia is all about money"
General in charge of border mission wants to begin redeploying troops
Trump administration prepares to add Venezuela to list of state sponsors of terrorism
16 expelled after clash at Venezuelan migrant camp in Bogota
Death of young Thai kickboxer brings focus on dangers
"Gunman kills three, including a police officer, in shooting at Chicago hospital"
"Gunman kills four, including a police officer, in shooting at a Chicago hospital"
"With disease in shelters and hotels at capacity, wildfire evacuees desperately seek refuge"
"Four dead, including a police officer, after gunman opens fire at a Chicago hospital"
Esi Edugyan wins prize for best Canadian fiction
China's Xi visits Manila to deepen ties with America's ally
Fiji leader sworn in for 4 more years after winning election
These Afghan villages had been safe from insurgents. Then a deadly Taliban assault forced thousands to flee.
Venezuelan ambassador to Cuba Ali Rodriguez dies
Scientists work to save wild Puerto Rican parrot after Maria
Proposed UN resolution urges Yemen's warring parties to talk
China's road to global leadership gets bumpy
China's Xi visits Philippines to deepen ties with US ally
"4 rebels, 1 army commando killed in Kashmir, sparking clash"
The disconnect between President Trump and his administration on freedom of the press
Seoul: North Korea destroys 10 guard posts to lower tensions
Pakistan in final round of talks with IMF over bailout deal
"Dead whale had 115 plastic cups, 2 flip-flops in its stomach"
"Landslide derails commuter train near Barcelona, killing 1"
Thailand sentences 3 to prison over smuggling of rhino horns
Backlash at Chinese university shows limits to surveillance
German strike: 14 Eurowings flights canceled at Duesseldorf
Pakistan summons US envoy over Trump's remarks on bin Laden
"When Trump stretches democratic norms, do voters care?"
"Brexit could make Ireland a 'special friend' to the United States, Irish ambassador says"
Prominent separatist leader killed in Indian Kashmir
US Navy to make Hong Kong port call after earlier refusal
Kremlin foes furious over possible Russian Interpol chief
"Despite UN call for Yemen truce, new clashes around key port"
These are the undecided races two weeks after Election Day
"When left-leaning parties support austerity, their voters start to embrace the far right"
Most charities that deserted Trump's Florida club after Charlottesville haven't come back
Power Up: Trump's 'America First' agenda often puts economics above human rights
Russian challenge to chemical weapons watchdog rejected
"The Latest: Saudi Arabia, UAE pledge $500 million Yemen aid"
Report says Putin's bodyguards got prized land plots
European court orders Turkey to free ex-Kurdish party leader
Tom Steyer inches closer to 2020 White House bid
Do international observers go easy on African elections?
"From defendant to top prosecutor, this tattooed Texas DA represents a new wave in criminal justice reform"
Xi launches Philippine charm offensive as China looks to dislodge U.S. influence
"In wake of Nissan scandal, France calls for 'interim governance' at Renault"
Kremlin foes fume over possible Russian Interpol president
Italian officials: Migrant rescuers mishandled medical waste
Romanian diplomat who fought antisemitism dies
Polish bishops seek forgiveness for pedophilia by priests
The Finance 202: Wall Street predicts economy slowing dramatically as 2020 nears
The Cybersecurity 202: Dem senator on Facebook: 'This isn't a public relations problem'
"Americans just set a turnout record for the midterms, voting at the highest rate since 1914. This explains why."
Find your gratitude this Thanksgiving. Here's how.
U.S. may add Venezuela to its list of terrorism sponsors
"Trump says it took too long to find bin Laden, but where is ISIS leader al-Baghdadi?"
WHO says Iraq river pollution toxic to fish
Romanian diplomat who fought anti-Semitism dies
South African president praises German investment
Global stocks slide as futures point to Wall Street drop
"With troops soon pulling back from the border, Trump's late-campaign ploys have dried up"
The Daily 202: Trump gets rebuked by another federal judge as he tests the limits on immigration law
The Health 202: Criminal justice bill would free pregnant prisoners from shackles
"The Energy 202: For one day in Washington, lobbyists and constituents were actually one in the same"
Former Nazi camp guard denies being aware of killings
"Suicide bomber targets clerics in Afghan capital, 40 killed"
Report: Hungary grants asylum to former Macedonian leader
Acquitted Christian woman wants to leave Pakistan for West
"The Latest: France, Japan support Renault-Nissan alliance"
Schumer to Justice inspector general: Investigate Whitaker's contact with White House
Kyrsten Sinema broke a slew of barriers with her Senate win. So how was identity a nonissue in her race?
Watchdog group asks Congress to investigate Ivanka Trump's use of personal email for government business
"Gunman in Mercy Hospital killings targeted his ex-fiancee, an emergency room physician"
"In blow to Trump's immigration agenda, federal judge blocks asylum ban for migrants who enter illegally from Mexico"
He claims he's America's deadliest serial killer with 90 victims. Police believe him.
"Explosion rips through Sunni gathering in Kabul, killing at least 40"
Boko Haram brought terror to Niger. Can a defectors program bring peace?
"Explosion rips through large Sunni gathering in Kabul, killing at least 40"
"Trump says it took too long to find bin Laden, but where is Islamic State leader Baghdadi?"
"Rights group: Egypt tortures, disappears children"
Global markets sink again as tech and retail stocks drop
Attacker shot after stabbing policeman in Brussels
Bosnia's 3-member presidency takes office after Oct. vote
House Democrats plan to investigate Ivanka Trump's use of personal email for government business
The Supreme Court agreed to hear the census citizenship case. Here's why that matters.
Why do all these white billionaire men think Democrats will nominate them for the presidency?
UFC champ Nurmagomedov a conservative voice in Russia
British diplomat raises detainee's case during Iran visit
"Suicide bomber targets clerics in Afghan capital, 43 killed"
"In Massachusetts, Moulton faces criticism, protests over challenge to Pelosi"
"Ivanka Trump's emails, and the many things Trump attacked Obama and Clinton for and then did"
"'This just tears at the soul': 1 day, 5 cities, 11 killings"
"Explosion rips through large Sunni gathering in Kabul, killing more than 40"
Macedonia's fugitive ex-PM says granted asylum in Hungary
Tijuana arrests 34 Central America migrants on minor charges
"Suicide bomber targets clerics in Afghan capital, 50 killed"
Poland latest country to withdraw from global migration pact
Democrats are mostly holding their tongues on Ivanka Trump's emails
A turkey has spent more time on-camera in the briefing room this month than the press secretary
"Trump's statement smearing Jamal Khashoggi and giving Saudi Arabia a pass, annotated"
Trump defends Saudi Arabia's denial about the planning of Khashoggi's death
Trump continues to question CIA conclusion that Saudi crown prince was responsible for Khashoggi&#8217;s death
House ethics panel calls for resolution of sexual harassment reform talks
"Rep. Fudge, who is considering Pelosi challenge, wrote in support of former judge now accused of killing ex-wife"
The Kansas county official who made a 'master race' comment to a black city planner has resigned
"Explosion rips through large Sunni gathering in Kabul, killing at least 50"
Saudi women's rights advocates reportedly abused while in prison
European zoos to send critically endangered rhinos to Rwanda
"Amnesty says Saudi activists beaten, tortured in detention"
"Pope to meet with young inmates, AIDS patients in Panama"
Schumer seeks inspector general probe of Whitaker's contact with White House
"Jailed Saudi women's rights activists said to face electric shocks, beatings and other abuse"
"In a major speech on Brexit, Theresa May called Europeans in Britain queue jumpers. People got upset."
UN environment chief under fire for travel expenses resigns
"Obama praises Rep. Nancy Pelosi, says she will go down in history as &#8216;one of the most effective legislative leaders&#8217;"
"Sarah Palin mocks Ocasio-Cortez's 'basic civics' knowledge, falls into Twitter ratio abyss"
Two other turkeys go to the White House. But they have a worse fate.
'Fox & Friends' spent months blasting Hillary Clinton's email use. Ivanka Trump got 25 seconds.
"With Saudi Arabia as with Russia, Trump's view muffles his administration's"
He raped a teenager as she was dying of an overdose. His sentence: 34 months.
Pressure on Interpol grows as the agency considers making a Russian its chief
Markets sink as tech and retail fall; Dow drops 600
Haiti hit with more violence amid third day of protests
Possible Russian president of Interpol raises alarm in West
Iraq says airstrikes kill 40 Islamic State fighters in Syria
Trump defends daughter Ivanka's use of personal email for government work
Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke remains defiant amid ethics probes
Obama hails Pelosi as 'an extraordinary partner' amid speakership fight
"Why Lincoln, Eisenhower and Obama visited troops in combat - and Trump hasn't"
Teacher: We must teach emotional literacy to boys. Here's what happened when I tried.
Presidents didn't always pardon turkeys. Some birds became dinner.
"In a speech on Brexit, May called Europeans in Britain queue jumpers. That didn't go over well."
The Latest: Ghosn to remain as CEO of Renault
Renault says Carlos Ghosn will remain as automaker's CEO while detained in Japan on claims he misused Nissan assets
Ohio Rep. Fudge endorses Pelosi bid for House speaker
A candidate photographed in Confederate garb could be a scandal. Will it be in Mississippi?
Trump submits answers to special counsel questions about Russian interference
Trump's very problematic logic on Saudi Arabia and Jamal Khashoggi
Walmart wants campaign donation back from Sen. Hyde-Smith after her support of public hangings
"With illness in shelters and hotels at capacity, wildfire evacuees desperately seek refuge"
"Before joining Justice Dept., Whitaker made more than $900,000 from charity, took 'legal fees' from company accused of fraud"
Puerto Rico seeks more funds from Congress post-Maria
"Tech giants plunge again, pushing market into red for year"
"Trump ally says Saudi sanctions must be in budget, as lawmakers rip Trump's defense of crown prince"
"Pelosi sidelines challenger, wins praise from Obama amid speakership fight"
"The Trailer: O'Rourke, Warren, Klobuchar, plus way more on 2018 and 2020"
"Romaine lettuce is not safe to eat, CDC warns U.S. consumers"
Jailed Saudi women's rights activists said to face beatings and other abuse
Caravan migrants weigh options after court blocks Trump ban
"Puerto Rico seeks more funds, help from Congress post-Maria"
