Court tosses D.C. wine bar's suit against Trump alleging unfair competition
'Race is always the key': Trump dives into cultural firestorm in Mississippi Senate contest
Border clashes raise stakes for Trump's strategy ahead of wall funding fight
U.N. ambassador condemns Russia's 'outlaw' actions against Ukrainian ships
Ukraine poised to impose martial law as standoff in Black Sea intensifies
'The situation keeps getting worse': Unrest at U.S.-Mexico border creates new tension over migrant caravan
UN releases $9.2 million in emergency funds for Venezuela
Trial ordered for Panama ex-president over alleged spying
Trump dives into cultural firestorm in Mississippi Senate contest
Senate plans vote on revoking U.S. support for Saudi Arabia in Yemen
Democrats push to mobilize black Mississippi voters in racially charged Senate runoff
Amtrak passengers get stuck on stopped Boston-bound train for five hours
"U.S. border officials prepare for additional confrontations with migrants, port closures"
Analysis: Strong opposition results challenge Taiwan's Tsai
India studying island to see if man's body can be recovered
Democrat T.J. Cox takes lead over Rep. David Valadao in California
Rep. Beto O'Rourke talks about the border and debt - and won't rule out a 2020 bid
NASA's InSight Mars explorer lands safely on the Red Planet
Former Michigan State president arraigned on charges of lying to police about Nassar scandal
U.N. finds deadliest place for women is their home
6 whales refloated after stranding on New Zealand beach
"Mueller says Manafort lied after pleading guilty, should be sentenced immediately"
Trump suggests without evidence that some tear-gassed migrants were 'grabbers' who took others' children
Senate Republicans mull changes to controversial criminal justice bill
Afghan authorities free Hazara fighter whose arrest ignited street clashes
Caravan migrants explore options after Tijuana border clash
Trump's fake crises overshadow real ones
Malaysia to deport 4 Finns for distributing Christian items
21 held in melee over Malaysian temple land dispute
Thai tycoon appears in court as poaching trial begins
"After Khashoggi, Saudi prince looks to rebuild image abroad"
Trump's false claim that Obama had the same family separation policy
Wildfire razes vast tracts of northeast Australia
The Latest: Russia releases video of Ukrainian crewmembers
Thai billionaire appears in court as poaching trial begins
Released academic returns to Britain from UAE
Turkish FM calls recording of Khashoggi killing 'disgusting'
"At a sporting event in an Arab capital, an unexpected sound: The Israeli national anthem"
Kremlin warns of flare-up of hostilities in eastern Ukraine
"The Latest: OSCE urges Russia, Ukraine to back off, talk"
Arrested French official suspected of spying for North Korea
"South Korea apologizes over vagrants' detention, forced work"
German FM expects EU election to polarize European politics
Will Nancy Pelosi be the next speaker of the House? Here are 4 lessons for her challengers.
Lawmakers linked to disputed Sri Lanka PM boycott parliament
24-hour Greek media blackout ahead of general strike
Police investigate after 7 bodies found in Japanese village
The Latest: Ukraine intelligence says officers were on ships
Uganda faces pressure to probe 2016 massacre by military
Power Up: Trump faces blowback from trade and immigration policies
Detroit and Flint keep relying on private money to solve public problems. Why?
"Alone in the Arab world, Tunisians permitted to protest visit by Saudi crown prince"
How the world's shallowest sea became the latest flashpoint between Russia and Ukraine
Only in Tunisia - Saudi crown prince visit draws protesters
Belgium investigates doctors who euthanized autistic woman
The Latest: Saudi prince gets warm welcome in Egypt
"Uber fined nearly $1.2 million by Dutch, UK over data breach"
Greenpeace activists protest ahead of Polish climate summit
Saudi crown prince visits Tunisia amid Khashoggi protests
The Cybersecurity 202: Lawmakers seek to quash 'Grinch bots' inflating holiday toy prices
Happy Giving Tuesday! Here are three ways foundations go beyond giving - and influence politics and policy.
Facebook faces global lashing from nine countries for its inability to protect data and stop fake news
Three U.S. service members killed in attack in Afghanistan
US forces: 3 American service members killed in Afghanistan
Hundreds of bodies exhumed from mass grave in Syria's Raqqa
"Pope taps Texan bishop Garcia for Monterey, California"
The Latest: Belarus says Ukraine turning back more Russians
24-hour Greek media blackout ahead of broader strike action
The Energy 202: The other climate report the Trump administration published on Black Friday
Trump calls Mueller a 'conflicted prosecutor gone rogue'
The Finance 202: GM layoffs pierce the heart of Trump's #MAGA promise
The Health 202: The Trump administration takes another swing at lowering drug prices
Which motivates independents to get politically involved: Pocketbook issues or fear that Trump is hurting democracy?
John Kerry feels liberated. Does that mean he'll run for president?
Does the Holocaust offer lessons for Trump's border crisis? Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez and Lindsey Graham disagree.
"'They said I looked like Elvis,' Trump tells Tupelo before emerging like Santa in Biloxi"
"Lost wallet returned, with something extra inside"
"The complicated story of the real, red Christmas trees"
Roadside bomb kills three U.S. troops near Afghan city of Ghazni
Americans think the U.S. relationship with Germany is going great. Germans beg to differ.
Facebook faces fresh lashing from nine countries for its inability to stop the spread of fake news
"After living in an airport for seven months, a Syrian man is granted asylum in Canada"
European court: Russia's ban on LGBT rallies violates rights
"Politician, ex-codebreaker Baroness Trumpington dies at 96"
The Latest: Polish president backs new sanctions on Russia
Kremlin warns of possible flare-up of hostilities in Ukraine
Israeli leader to visit Chad and restore relations
The Daily 202: GM layoffs show why there's a crisis of confidence in American capitalism
Could Robert Mueller be about to tell us something big?
Google joins list of companies seeking refund of campaign donation to Sen. Cindy Hyde-Smith after 'public hanging' comment
"Melania chose red Christmas trees for the White House. In Europe, that's a bad sign."
Future Mexican minister: Trade deal could be signed at G20
Slovenia appoints woman as army chief of staff for 1st time
Suspect in Dortmund bus attack convicted of attempted murder
Roadside bomb kills 3 US soldiers in eastern Afghanistan
House Democrats demand Trump records for expected hate crimes investigation
Happy Giving Tuesday! Here are 3 ways foundations go beyond giving - and influence politics and policy.
US ambassador angers Poles with letter to prime minister
Philippine peace talks adviser resigns over graft
Sleeping pilot overflies Australian island destination
Polish ex-financial regulator held on corruption suspicion
Timeline: What it would mean if Manafort and Assange met in 2016
"Gillum, Abrams speak out against controversial judicial nominee from North Carolina"
"Alone in the Arab world, Tunisians can protest visit by Saudi crown prince"
Russia shrugs off Western pressure over Black Sea incident with Ukraine
WorldViews: How the world's shallowest sea became the latest flashpoint
How the world's shallowest sea became the latest flash point between Russia and Ukraine
Chinese president kicks off 4-country global tour in Spain
"Prominent Chinese photographer taken by police, wife says"
Supreme Court deals a setback to the endangered dusky gopher frog
The migrant situation near Tijuana undercuts Trump's proposed solutions
"Geraldo Rivera urges conservatives to stop treating migrants as 'zombies from ""The Walking Dead"" '"
"Geraldo Rivera urges conservatives to stop treating migrants as 'zombies from ""the Walking Dead""'"
Thousands lost their homes in epic fight to build GM's Detroit plant. Now it's closing.
Ford says some good came out of her testimony against Kavanaugh
Nielsen says women and children were 'human shields' at border
WorldViews: How the world's shallowest sea became the latest flash point
Watch a man shoot a box of explosives to announce his baby boy - and start an $8 million wildfire
U. S.-Turkish relations remain fraught despite recent warming
British radio presenter killed in Lebanon
Slovenia appoints a woman as chief of military for 1st time
The Latest: NGOs urge Europe to take in 12 stranded migrants
Watch a reporter correct Trump to his face
Who are the 'Problem Solvers' trying to hold Nancy Pelosi's speakership hostage?
Trump's Wall Street Journal interview on China is a mess
Comey says acting AG Whitaker 'may not be the sharpest knife in our drawer'
Interior watchdog clears Zinke in probe of Utah national monument
Christine Blasey Ford says some good came out of her 'terrifying' testimony against Kavanaugh
"Transgender asylum seeker was beaten before her death, according to new autopsy"
Requiem for SpongeBob SquarePants creator: A hilarious education interview with SpongeBob himself
We have nothing to fear from federal sentencing reform
"Weather Service promotes Trump administration climate report, breaking from 'stick to weather' past"
Federal judge delays decision on unsealing 'interesting' Julian Assange case
Republican Party in an Oklahoma county makes clear its opposition to public education
Israeli envoy says US to release peace plan in early 2019
Chess world title match comes down to rapid tiebreakers
Gene-editing Chinese scientist kept much of his work secret
Security concerns arise as Argentina hosts G-20
President Trump thinks Mike Espy doesn't 'fit in' in Mississippi. Why?
Things could get very awkward for the Saudi crown prince at this week's G-20 summit
Russia starts prosecuting Ukrainians after sea clash
Swiss to investigate near-miss hang gliding incident
The Latest: Soccer match moved to Kiev amid martial law
EU announces new funds for Afghanistan at UN conference
Secret donors gave large sums to conservative nonprofit that funded pro-Trump allies
"House Democrats set to pick their leaders, nominate a candidate for speaker"
"From inconsequential to illegal, all the ways President Trump has suggested cutting the deficit"
Most white Americans will be represented by a Republican in the House next year
Google workers protest company's plan to build a search engine that complies with Chinese censorship
Trump thinks climate change had no role in California's fires. But here are the facts.
Three U.S. troops killed by roadside bomb in Afghanistan
An isolated tribe killed a missionary - and gave an anti-immigration politician an idea
"US Navy hospital ship treats Venezuelan migrants, Colombians"
Puerto Rico approves laws for insurance holders post-Maria
Unnamed donors gave large sums to conservative nonprofit that funded pro-Trump allies
The Trailer: What does the last Senate race of 2018 mean for 2020?
Homeland Security again vastly overstates the frequency of fake families at the border
"U.S. imposes sanctions on Nicaragua's vice president, national security adviser"
"Trump slams Fed chair, questions climate change and threatens to cancel Putin meeting in wide-ranging interview with The Post"
He sold drugs and the police seized his car. Does the Constitution provide protection?
Mississippi runoff: Race and Trump weigh on contest between Espy and Hyde-Smith
'I don't like that aggression': Trump threatens to cancel Putin meeting over clash with Ukraine
"President Trump's full Washington Post interview transcript, annotated"
Trump says he's considering a Plan B if Congress rejects his demand for $5 billion in border wall funding
Unnamed donors gave large sums to conservative nonprofit that funded Trump allies
UN envoy disappointed at nations reneging on migration deal
"Mexico accepts housing migrants, seeks US development aid"
Mexico to grant highest honor to Jared Kushner
