Trump at a precarious moment in his presidency: Privately brooding and publicly roaring
"Trump acknowledges, defends 2016 meeting between son, Kremlin-aligned lawyer"
Trump just made 2 problematic admissions about the Trump Tower meeting
Rudolph W. Giuliani is actually making faces to cast doubt on DOJ investigations
Vladimir Putin's goal was to destabilize the United States. He's succeeding.
"Trump slams Democrats, 'Russian witch hunt' and coastal elites at Ohio rally"
"Trump, GOP make last-ditch push to avoid another costly special-election defeat"
"At pre-midterm conference, the Democratic left is in the driver's seat"
Maryland Democratic Party launches coordinated campaign
Obama and Trump both bent demographic trends to win. Can Trump repeat in 2020?
Trump's worst political nightmare? Democrats with subpoena power.
This is why the Senate should care about Brett Kavanaugh's time as Bush's staff secretary
Scaled-back Senate recess creates a 'coalition of the cranky' in Congress
"'The most bizarre thing I've ever been a part of': Trump panel found no widespread voter fraud, ex-member says"
Judge rules Trump administration still not justified ending DACA
Trump associate socialized with alleged Russian agent Maria Butina in final weeks of 2016 campaign
Kushner Companies finalizes deal on troubled office tower
"At Netroots Nation, Democratic White House hopefuls balance messages of unity, rebellion"
Here's what it means to be Somali in Kenya
Strategists raise alarms about Facebook delays in approving Hispanic political ads
11 kids rescued from rural N.M. compound
"Cow's milk found in Almond Breeze, FDA says, sparking recall in 28 states"
"An off-duty officer shot a man in the face. Then he dropped an object at the scene, video shows."
'Like third world country refugees:' 11 kids rescued from rural N.M. compound
"You may have signed a living will, but scary mistakes can happen at the ER"
"JFK Jr. didn't die! He runs QAnon! And he's No. 1 Trump fan, omg!!!"
"Country doctors once did it all: pulling teeth, delivering babies"
Doctor burnout is real. Seeing healthy patients helped me.
"A huge clinical trial collapses, and research on alcohol remains befuddling"
"Protests again convulse Portland, Ore., as groups on the right and left face off"
An unsavory scam? Company accused of diluting Chesapeake blue crab meat with imported crab
"As wildfires rage, California frets over a future of greater perils and higher costs"
"Somebody added cow's milk to Almond Breeze, FDA says, sparking a recall in 28 states"
Skywatch: The best times to see 90 shooting stars an hour
"At Ohio State, football practice opens amid unanswered questions and uncertain future"
The Big Number: Lyme disease is now in 100 percent of the U.S.
Environmental toxins are seen as posing risks during pregnancy
"Eczema is an annoying, itchy disease. Bacteria from someone else's skin may tame it."
Experts question logic of Trump administration's 'low gas mileage saves lives' claim
Fact-checking QAnon conspiracy theories: Did J.P. Morgan sink the Titanic?
A red tide ravaging Florida may have killed a whale shark for the first known time
"For Canadian journalists covering Doug Ford, being called 'fake news' was the last straw"
Growing number of suicide attacks wreak havoc in eastern Afghanistan
Venezuela braces for possible crackdown after apparent drone attack on Maduro
Trump administration's use of sanctions draws concern
"Three troops under U.S. command, dozens of Afghan soldiers die in separate attacks"
"Russia just named Steven Seagal, martial artist and action movie star, a special envoy to the U.S."
Protesters paralyze parts of Bangladesh after a speeding bus kills two students
A man with Down syndrome was holding a toy gun. Swedish police shot and killed him.
Maduro speech interrupted by explosions in what Venezuelan government calls a 'failed attack'
South Korea longs for a train to Europe - but U.S. sanctions on North Korea block the way
"U.S., North Korean diplomats trade handshakes and jabs at ASEAN conference"
Belarusian media is 'on the edge of survival' amid crackdown
Zimbabweans voted for change. They got a new crisis instead.
"Attackers target Shiite mosque in Afghanistan, killing at least 39"
China warns it could fire back with tariffs on $60 billion in U.S. goods
Pompeo warns Turkey clock has run out to release jailed U.S. pastor
"With sweltering heat but little AC, North Korea proclaims 'an unprecedented natural disaster'"
President Trump denies he was late to meet Queen Elizabeth. Brits aren't convinced.
'Here they come again': Chinese police arrest dissident professor during on-air interview
2 car bomb blasts kill 6 in Somalia
Witnesses describe drone attack in Venezuela; 6 arrested
Hall wins Women's British Open for 1st major title
"Powerful quake rocks Indonesia's Lombok island, 39 dead"
"Nicaragua NGO closes offices amid unrest, denounces threats"
The Latest: Death toll in Indonesia earthquake now at 39
Small plane crashes in Santa Ana shopping center parking lot; 4 people reported killed
"11 kids rescued from armed 'extremists' at buried compound, New Mexico sheriff says"
Small plane crashes in Southern California shopping center parking lot; 4 people reported killed
New tropical storm off Mexico; Hurricane Hector a Cat 4
Brazil's right-wing candidate picks general as running mate
"Vintage plane crashes in Swiss Alps, killing 20 on board"
"Greece's police, fire chiefs fired in wake of deadly fire"
The Latest: Vacationing Chrissy Teigen caught in earthquake
Venezuela detains 6 in failed drone attack aimed at Maduro
