"Russian military was behind 'NotPetya' cyberattack in Ukraine, CIA concludes"
"Trump, condemned for 'shithole' countries remark, denies comment but acknowledges 'tough' language"
Trump's vulgarity: Overt racism or a president who says what many think?
Glee in London over Trump's scrapped visit - but also unease about U.S.-British ties
"Porn star was paid $130,000 to keep quiet about a relationship with Trump, Wall Street Journal reports"
Republicans in immigrant-rich Fla. scramble in wake of Trump's 'shithole' remark
Presidential profanity: A brief history
Antiabortion activist to step down as head of HHS's family planning division
Republicans in immigrant-rich Fla. scramble in wake of Trump's remarks
Antiabortion activist abruptly steps down as head of HHS's family planning division
Trump's ambassador to the Netherlands apologizes for anti-Muslim remarks - after media drubbing
U.S. ambassador to Netherlands sorry for anti-Muslim remarks - after media drubbing
MSNBC's Chris Matthews joked about his 'Bill Cosby Pill' before interviewing Hillary Clinton
"On day of mourning, Haitians demand apology from President Trump for slur"
Here's what happened the day a former KKK leader was finally convicted of killing 3 civil rights workers
"'This is super tight': Companies struggle to find, retain workers in a hot economy"
The $451 million reason this 20-year-old just retired
Tough road to spending deal gets tougher as shutdown looms
Facebook's changing its news feed. How will it affect what you see?
Tax officials reduce Trump's tax bill on D.C. hotel by nearly $1 million
"GM's latest car gives up steering wheels, pedals - and human control"
The numbers are in: Retailers had the best holiday season in years
Norway was once the kind of country Trump might've spit on. Now its people don't even want to come here.
"Smoking penalties, ER fees, premiums on the poor: How states want to shrink Medicaid"
A history of White House profanity - and one cursing presidential parrot
Education Dept. awards debt-collection contract to company with ties to DeVos
Protests against Honduran leader's re-election turn violent
"On earthquake anniversary, Haitians trying to rebuild"
2 bodies recovered from burning oil tanker in East China Sea
What does North Korea want from the Olympics? An expert in the politics of sports explains.
CDC postpones session on 'preparing for the unthinkable': a nuclear blast
Iran rejects Trump's demand for change in nuclear deal
North Korea offers talk on art troupe's visit to Olympics
Iran rejects Trump's demand for changing nuclear deal
"As the Nazis bombed Britain, the royals hid the crown jewels in the least likely place"
Indian helicopter missing with 7 on board
African ambassadors to UN blast Trump remark as 'racist'
"Ferry carrying schoolchildren sinks in India, killing 2"
Islamic State group offshoot claims 2017 Niger attack on US
Czechs vote for president; anti-migrant incumbent is favored
South Africa's new party leader targets 'billions' in graft
"Helicopter crashes on way to Indian oil rig, killing 4"
"Can social media become less hateful by law? Germany is trying it - and failing, critics say."
Pakistan: Slain girl may have been victim of serial killer
8 Trump tweets that did some real damage
Republicans perform some rhetorical gymnastics to avoid confirming Trump's 'shithole countries' remark
"3 dead, 48 injured in bus crash near Czech capital of Prague"
8 Trump tweets that did real damage
Zimbabwe's new leader describes risky escape after firing
Rival Koreas agree to talk on art troupe's visit to Olympics
The case that Democrats could win back the House keeps getting stronger
Winner of $451 million Mega Millions jackpot is 20 years old. He just retired.
Fact checking 'The Crown': Was Jackie Kennedy high as a kite when she insulted the queen?
Beijing wins battle for blue skies - but the poor are paying a price
France's playful baby panda makes 1st public appearance
German defense minister visits German troops at Jordan base
The Latest: Czech president has big lead in early results
"Suu Kyi says Rohingya mass grave investigation ""positive"""
"Helicopter crashes on way to Indian oil rig, killing 5"
The Latest: Czech president to face runoff election
Kenya says 1 killed as suspected al-Shabab attack convoy
"Czech President Milos Zeman fails to win majority in first round of voting, will face challenger in runoff."
Police: TNT Explosion injures 8 in northern Albania
Czech president will face runoff election with strong lead
"Turkey says it will oust Kurdish militants from Afrin, Syria"
"Man shoots his mom in the head during tantrum over video games, police say"
Pakistan: Khan says meeting Trump would be 'bitter pill'
'Wave versus the map': Democratic control of Senate moves from preposterous to possible
Abe: Japan enters cooperation pact with Baltic countries
"Iraq: Baghdad bombing kills 8, wounds 10"
"A packed Greyhound bus was on its way to Chicago. A gunman had other plans, officials say."
Ghanaian president to Trump: We are not a 'shithole country'
Christ statue in Peru damaged by fire days before pope visit
Suspects in Ritz jewel heist jailed on preliminary charges
Trump does more damage to himself than his opponents ever manage to do
"Ferry carrying schoolchildren sinks in India, killing 3"
Thousands protest Austria's new right-wing government
The Latest: Czech president willing to debate challenger
"In defense of Trump's 'shithole countries' comment, his surrogates invoke the 'model minority' myth"
Leaked draft of the Pentagon's nuclear review shows desire for new kinds of weapons
A leaked draft of the Pentagon's nuclear review shows a desire for new kinds of weapons
Pakistan's Imran Khan talks US relations as elections loom
Social Democrats in east reject proposed German coalition
India is on the hunt for 24 'untraceable' historical treasures
Guatemala arrests lawmaker in 2015 killing of 2 journalists
Iran vows 'serious response' to new sanctions and rebuffs Trump's demands on nuclear deal
"As protests wane, Iran lifts ban on messaging app Telegram"
Mark Wahlberg to donate $1.5 million salary to anti-sexual harassment group #TimesUp
World media struggle to translate Trump's Africa insult
'The wave versus the map': Democratic control of Senate moves from preposterous to possible
"Czech president leads voting, but will face runoff election"
Teens are daring one another to eat Tide pods. Of course this challenge is dangerous.
These Trump supporters built a gallows and tried to arrest London's mayor. People laughed at them.
Correction: Turkey-US story
Venezuela's solution to a collapsing economy and rampant violence: Woo tourists
Chelsea Manning files to run for U.S. Senate in Maryland
Trump supporters built a gallows and tried to arrest London's mayor. People laughed at them.
UN Secretary General pushes for peace in visit to Colombia
"Reports: 8 dead, dozens injured in Portugal building fire"
