West Virginia GOP candidate says McConnell created jobs for 'China people'
Miami officer removed from duty after video shows him kicking suspected car thief in the head
"Across the country, measures to arm teachers in schools stall"
Arizona teachers end walkout despite falling short of aims
"A serial pooper targeted a N.J. high school track. It was a school superintendent, police say."
Otto Warmbier's mom now speaking out to embarrass NKorea
"In Pennsylvania race, it's Tom Steyer's money vs. Bud Selig's money"
"Federal prisons abruptly cancel policy that made it harder, costlier for inmates to get books"
"Venezuela takes charge of big bank, arrests 11 executives"
El Salvador OKs initiative to fight violence against women
Missouri to hold session to consider impeaching governor
America is more racially integrated than ever. Here's where segregation still lingers.
Miami officer removed from duty after video shows him kicking suspect in the head
'Just dropped out of the sky': Deadly C-130 plane crash stuns Ga. drivers
N.J. school superintendent accused of serial defecation at high school in another district
Repealing motorcycle helmet laws has a health benefit: More organ donors
Did Armenia dance to a revolution?
U.S. accuses China of aiming blinding lasers at American military planes in Djibouti
Subject of iconic 'American Girl in Italy' photo dies at 90
AP PHOTOS: Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak
"Once seen as reformer, Malaysia leader faces legitimacy test"
Influential outsiders have played a key role in Scott Pruitt's foreign travel
"Puerto Rico demands answers, mourns loss of 9 airmen"
Mounting economic chaos leaves many Venezuelans in the dark
American and Iranian hard-liners await the end of the nuclear deal
China wants premier's Japan trip to return ties to normal
"HSBC says quarterly profit dips, plans $2B share buyback"
Xi praises Marxism as a tool for China to 'win the future'
"Nobel literature prize canceled this year, following academy's own MeToo scandal"
4 miners killed at South African gold mine after tremor
Afghan official: Taliban take district in northern province
UN says 80 killed in weeks of flooding in Kenya
Spectacular 6-story-deep sinkhole opens on New Zealand farm
Romanian anti-communist dissident Doina Cornea dies
North Carolina fraternity suspended after college student falls out of party bus and dies
"Nobel literature prize canceled this year, following academy's own #MeToo scandal"
"With Taj Mahal turning a bit green, Indian court gets mad"
"As he begins a new term, Putin pushes lofty goals for Russia"
No clear winner: Mixed results in local English elections
Turkish secular opposition nominates candidate for president
Pruitt's EPA denies climate science. Republicans can correct him. Will they?
Australian court convicts Muslim woman for failing to stand
6 dead in Kenya overnight flooding with 11 others missing
Significant moments in Putin's 18 years of power
China denies using lasers on US aircraft in Djibouti
Waste landslide at Myanmar jade mining site kills 14
What Netanyahu's dramatic speech about Iran's nuclear program revealed - and concealed
Corporate takeover of India's iconic Red Fort leaves historians alarmed
Why a South Korean newspaper asked experts to look at photos of Kim Jong Un's shoes
Pakistani court acquits Imran Khan in 2014 attack on police
Indian workers repair damage after deadly dust storm
First Lebanese election in 9 years sidesteps divisive issues
Trump promotes TV appearance by lawyer who questions Mueller's right to interview him
Pompeo knows to boost morale; boosting foreign aid also should be on his agenda
Then and now: How Congress reacted to impeachment threats against Presidents Clinton and Trump
'Freedom': Will Saudi women on motorcycles signal a new road ahead for the kingdom?
China says 'big differences' remain after trade talks with U.S. team
"In these cyber war games, the fictional foe launching attacks sounds a lot like Russia"
Rohingya refugees escaped massacres in Burma. Now they face another deadly force: Monsoons.
Hungary: Editor charged with altering prime minister's words
Catalonia seeks to open door for fugitive leader's election
Russia gets boost from Czech leader in Britain spy standoff
EU election monitors fan out ahead of Sunday vote in Lebanon
The Energy 202: Three senior Scott Pruitt aides resigned from the EPA this week
The Health 202: Calorie counts at restaurants are aimed at trimming waistlines. But science suggests they don't necessarily work.
The very big difference between a wiretap and how the feds tracked Michael Cohen
Rudy Giuliani tries to clean up his hubris-inspired mess
The Finance 202: Beijing trade talks conclude with no progress. Get ready for a long slog.
Lebanese citizens vote Sunday. Here are 4 things to know about the first parliamentary elections since 2009.
"The Daily 202: Hey, Republicans: Pelosi attack ads may not be enough to keep the House"
Why I wore a Wonder Woman costume - then my wedding dress - to chemo
54 captive-bred lions killed on South African farm for bones
Sweden makes another arrest on terror charge
Palestinian president apologizes over anti-Semitic remarks
Kellyanne Conway says she didn't know about payment to porn star while she ran Trump's campaign
Rohingya refugees who fled massacres in Burma face another lethal force: The monsoon.
US charges don't change German probe of ex-Volkswagen CEO
Saturday protest in Paris placed under high security
Peacemakers mark end of violent Basque separatist group ETA
Greek court hears appeal on Turkish serviceman's asylum
Trump touts unemployment drop - but a 'WITCH HUNT' remains on his mind
Black unemployment hits a new low - but still trails white unemployment significantly
A warrior goes to China: Did Erik Prince cross a line?
Corporate takeover of India's landmark Red Fort alarms historians
"Body of Polish cyclist, German's bike found in Mexico"
Polish bishops say meat OK this Friday due to long weekend
Diamond city of Antwerp now has a sparkling diamond museum
Captive-bred lions killed on South African farm for bones
WHO: Saturated fat should be less than 10 percent of diet
Giuliani's claim that Trump repaid Cohen seems oddly shaky
Trump says his new lawyer Giuliani is still learning the facts
Trump got a 'do-over' with white evangelicals. Will continuing Stormy Daniels news affect that?
Wiretapping corrections by NBC and ABC bookend a rough week for the media
Trump: U.S. troop withdrawal from South Korea is not on the table - for now
"Ben Carson called this small Illinois town a 'dying community.' Its people, and basketball, are hanging on."
"Across the country, Republican measures to arm teachers in schools stall"
French bulldogs' cuteness comes at a steep cost
Nigeria bans cough syrup to stop an addiction epidemic. But something worse could take its place.
What the two Koreas and Trump have said about withdrawing U.S. troops from peninsula
Royal wedding: Palace dishes on details - but keeps hush-hush about Meghan Markle's dress
Rohingya refugees who fled massacres in Burma face another lethal force: The monsoon
Cuban says he plotted to attack leftist targets in Colombia
"Chemical inspectors finish work in Syrian town, Russia says"
"Greece, Macedonia to keep on working on name dispute"
Royal wedding: Palace dishes on details but keeps hush-hush about Meghan Markle's dress
Nigeria bans codeine cough syrup to stop an addiction epidemic. But something worse could take its place.
"Wim Alosery, survivor of Nazi camps, Cap Arcona sinking dies"
OPCW chemical inspectors conclude probe in Syria's Douma
Turkish opposition nominate candidates for president
Hundreds protest ex-Bosnia commander's war crimes charges
Tunisia to hold 1st local election since 2011 Arab Spring
"The Clash, 'Rudie Can't Fail': The Week In One Song"
Trump's Stormy Daniels problem and other big political stories this week
6-year-old Baltimore girl's emotional appeal on gun violence: 'Why can't you just let us grow up?'
The brief history of North Korea's time zone
"In glistening new airport, Pakistan sees ticket to reviving the country's prestige"
U.S. and China swap hard-line lists of demands at trade talks in Beijing
Mexico City's new air pollution woe: pipeline geysers
UN chief: Syria must respond to chemical weapons questions
'Could not be more happy': Trump appears alongside chief of staff to refute reports of frayed relationship
Trump addresses NRA members for first time since Parkland
Giuliani tries to clarify comments on Trump's reimbursement of payment to porn star Stormy Daniels
Tunisia's first post-uprisings local elections are Sunday. Can they bolster citizens' belief in democracy?
"Trump administration will end protections for 50,000 Hondurans living in U.S. since 1999"
"In Nicaragua, deadly protest crackdown spurs Ortega critics"
Dutch police detain man who screamed at commemoration event
Hezbollah set to tighten grip in Lebanon vote
US asks UN to criticize Abbas' 'vile anti-Semitic slurs'
"Obama endorses Feinstein, as she looks to fend off liberal challenger"
Giuliani's statement tells us a lot about what's worrying Team Trump
"Nobel literature prize will not be awarded this year, following academy's own #MeToo scandal"
"Trump administration ends protections for 50,000 Hondurans living in U.S. since 1999"
The three Americans who are being held as 'prisoners of war' in North Korea
"There have never been so few children in Japan (at least, not since they started counting)"
Royal wedding: Meghan Markle's father will walk her down the aisle. Baby Louis won't be there.
North Korea adjusts time zone to match South's as ties warm
Israel pulls out of race for a seat on UN Security Council
Greece says Syrian property law will impede refugees' return
"Pope extends mandate of Malta envoy, sidelining critic"
"Pigs fly, hell freezes over, and Trump heralds a CNN report"
"Don Blankenship has taken opposition to political correctness to a new extreme, and that's dangerous for the GOP"
Three women file suit against Charlie Rose and CBS News over sexual harassment allegations
'Stay tuned!': Trump and advisers treat fate of North Korea prisoners as a cliffhanger
Trump and Giuliani are a double dose of unmanageable
"After outrage, Palestinian president apologizes for offending people in anti-Semitic speech"
Hezbollah looks to emerge stronger as Lebanese head to the polls on Sunday
Vice president's physician resigns amid ongoing furor over White House Medical Unit
How church attendance has evolved geographically over the past 60 years
Trump says immigration laws were written by people who 'could not love our country'
Iowa governor signs 'heartbeat' bill banning abortion after six weeks
"Palace dishes on Harry and Meghan's royal wedding, but is hush-hush on the dress"
Raul Castro's daughter to push for gay marriage in Cuba
"As a willing warrior for Trump, Sarah Sanders struggles to maintain credibility"
Sanders heads to Pennsylvania to stump for Democratic insurgent candidates
Trump addresses NRA members - embracing their agenda in campaign style speech
House chaplain sees anti-Catholic bias in his treatment
The Kentucky Derby field is dominated by a horse who died in 2015
"Feds sue an Albertsons that banned Hispanic employees from speaking Spanish, even on breaks"
"What's happening inside Hawaii's Kilauea, the world's longest-erupting volcano"
The risky surgery to remove a woman's 132-pound tumor that grew by 10 pounds every week
'Please sell our stock': Elon Musk clashes with Wall Street during epic earnings call
"As host to NRA meeting, Dallas becomes epicenter of the nation's gun debate"
Honduras regrets US move to end temporary protected status
"Across the country, gop measures to arm teachers in schools stall"
Blackwater founder Erik Prince has cut a lucrative security-training deal with Chinese insiders. But is it against U.S. interests?
"U.S., China swap hard-line lists of demands at trade talks in Beijing"
