Mattis says he owes Trump some options on a military parade but won't share his feelings about one
Paul: 'My party is now complicit in the deficits'
Trump administration plan would roll back environmental reviews covering use of public lands
"For the first time, Democrats can win the House just by winning the closest races"
Congress struggles to pass bipartisan budget deal
White House targets VA's deputy secretary as 'a warning shot' to agency's leader
Australian lawmakers debate banning sex with staff members
Olympic Games in Africa? A door long shut could be opening
Analysis: Who is Kim Yo Jong? Here's what we know about the North Korean 'princess.'
Student says Spirit Airlines suggested she flush her 'emotional support' hamster down the toilet. So in desperation she did.
A government shutdown will begin at midnight. The Senate has recessed until 12:01 a.m. without passing a spending bill.
Top White House officials knew of abuse allegations against top aide for months
"Paul: 'If I'm responsible for drawing attention to the debt, so be it'"
Education Department locks out union leaders who went to deliver 'report cards' to Betsy DeVos
Think tank sues Education Dept. over public records requests on college accrediting bodies
A witness drew this terrible sketch to help police identify a suspect. It actually worked.
The complicated history of 'In God We Trust' and other examples Trump gives of American religion
McConnell attempts to protect two Kentucky colleges in budget deal
Asian markets down after Dow dips into correction territory
Even the Navy SEAL who killed Osama bin Laden thinks Trump's military parade is a bad idea
Dozens at White House lack permanent security clearances
Taiwan rescuers search building for 7 missing in earthquake
Hong Kong court rejects UK banker's double murder appeal
AP Exclusive: Rohingya say military cut off food in Myanmar
Government shuts down as budget bill stalls in Congress
Government shuts down for the second time in three weeks
"Oregon legislator to resign after report that he groped female colleagues, employees"
Trump wants a military parade. What can the Pentagon give him?
N. Korea delegation led by Kim's sister arrives for Olympics
Cambodia frees on bail 7 Westerners held for 'dirty dancing'
Canada leads after opening day of figure skating team event
The Latest: Swiss curlers stun with perfect score to beat US
The plane carrying the North Korean delegation with leader Kim Jong Un's sister arrives in South Korea for Olympics
Did Hillary Clinton collude with the Russians to get 'dirt' on Trump to feed it to the FBI?
The icy geopolitics of the Winter Olympics
Skulls in the mail: Indonesia foils artifact smuggling
The Latest: N. Korean leader's sister arrives for Olympics
The Latest: Pence says N.K. must give up nukes before talks
"Senate passes sweeping spending bill, sends measure to House for crucial vote to end government shutdown"
A battle over language is at the heart of Northern Ireland's crisis of governance
Kim Jong Un's sister begins unprecedented South Korea visit
The Latest: Halfpipe champ could get shot at defending title
Turkish jets resume airstrikes over Syrian Kurdish enclave
Pence will use Olympics to push tougher stance on N. Korea
Court told woman in Kim Jong Nam killing was paid for pranks
"A quiet protest of the spending bill, a loud chorus of senators ready to move on"
Senate votes to end government shutdown
Global markets slide after Dow dips into correction territory
The Latest: Vonn to enter 3 races but sit out giant slalom
Japan public grade school under fire over Armani uniform
Figure skater saving pups from SKorean dog meat trade
Cambodian shoe-thrower arrested after Thailand deports her
"As violence escalates in Syria, video footage shows civilian devastation"
"As Olympics open with dazzling spectacle, all eyes are on North Korea"
The Latest: Russians' law firm says Olympic dreams shattered
Russia throws flamboyant Olympic party despite scandals
Slain hostage's mother wants kidnappers held accountable
French court deals blow to far-right icon Jean-Marie Le Pen
Rising racism taints Italian electoral campaign
Government shutdown set to end as House passes sweeping budget bill
#MeToo lawmaker under investigation for sexual misconduct allegations
Why government shutdowns are uniquely American
The Latest: Erin Hamlin ready to lead Team USA at Olympics
"The Latest: Pence, North Koreans don't meet at reception"
UK growth downgrade possible after run of weak figures
Danish prince leaves Olympics as father's condition worsens
"Greece: Gunman's furlough draws protest from US, UK"
House passes bipartisan budget deal
"House Republicans pledge to continue probing dossier, but without memos"
USOC defends CEO as doing 'right thing at every turn' in Larry Nassar scandal
Egypt launches major offensive against Islamic State militants
An Italian neo-fascist shot 6 immigrants. So why won't Italy's political parties condemn xenophobia?
Sister of North Korean leader shakes hands with South Korean president in historic meeting during opening ceremony.
The Latest: Greece begins parade of athletes at Olympics
Hong Kong ex-cardinal warns against Vatican-China deal
Putin talks to Macron to discuss his planned trip to Russia
The Latest: Turkey to detain pol for opposing offensive
"The Daily 202: Rand Paul's short-lived shutdown is ending, but his warning about GOP deficit hypocrisy reverberates"
"OPM launched surprise hit on certain federal retirees, then tried to stop watchdog's report"
Biometric hand scans and reinforced concrete: The history of the secret FISA court
Albuquerque Journal apologizes for cartoon depicting 'dreamers' mugging white couple
Russian oligarch threatens to sue media over opposition investigation
India tried to stop cheating in school - so half a million students just skipped exams
"'Gross, but strangely compelling': Chunks of London's fatberg go on display"
Turkey's offensive in Syria runs into problems: mountains and mud
Egypt begins massive security operation targeting militants
Officials: US drone strike kills 7 in Pakistani tribal area
The Latest: EU negotiator: UK skimps on post-Brexit details
Maldives TV station shuts down after threats
The Latest: N. and S. Korea march together under one flag
Brief government shutdown ends as Trump signs spending bill
The Finance 202: Powell's problem: Will new Fed chair try to save stock market?
The Rob Porter debacle becomes the Rob Porter scandal
"The drama of the overnight shutdown, hour by hour"
Olympics open with dazzling spectacle and warm gestures between the Koreas
Moldova: official asks Russia to keep out of local politics
The Latest: France worried chlorine bombs were used in Syria
The Latest: S. Korean figure skating great Kim lights torch
The Latest: VP Pence seated near Kim Jong Un's sister
The Energy 202: Budget deal picks winners and losers in energy industry
"The Health 202: Republicans kill Obamacare's controversial ""death panel"""
Dow opens up more than 200 points after Thursday's plunge into correction territory
These journalists were jailed for investigating atrocities in Burma. This is what they found.
Ex-guerillas suspend political campaigns in Colombia
Germany's Schulz abandons plan to become foreign minister
"Explosion at mosque in Libya's Benghazi kills 2, injures 75"
The Latest: State Duma decries court ruling banning Russians
France seeks closer ties with Russia despite Syria tensions
Political candidates from Colombia's FARC temporarily suspend campaign amid security concerns
"Breaking with tradition, Trump skips president's written intelligence report and relies on oral briefings"
Hope Hicks has an impossible job
Rand Paul calls out hypocrisy of GOP in the Trump era
"Logan Paul promised a 'new chapter' after vlogging a dead body. Then, the YouTuber Tasered a dead rat."
Once-tolerant Indonesia moves to outlaw gay - and extramarital - sex
Photo of historic handshake between North and South Korea goes viral
"A nasty 'fatberg,' a lump of grease, wet wipes and condoms, is now being displayed at the Museum of London"
"Duterte orders halt to purchases of Canada choppers, US arms"
Zuma drama overshadows South Africa's Mandela commemorations
"The Latest: Spotlight on united Koreas in ceremony, on ice"
Officials: 2 explosions in east Afghanistan kill 3
Trump tells Israeli paper Jerusalem move was 'big point'
White House circulates white paper on lowering drug prices
Trump's schedule shows that his daily briefing was only daily in three weeks of his presidency
Uber and Google's Waymo reach surprise settlement in a lawsuit over self-driving technology
"'I killed my sister, okay?': Teen who live-streamed fatal crash is sentenced to prison"
Dow opens to new swings after Thursday's plunge into correction territory
Hong Kong cardinal warns against Vatican-China deal
Egypt launches massive security operation against militants
"At Olympics, fiery optics both entertaining and symbolic"
UK's exports to EU swell as Brexit talks enter next stage
"Eiffel Tower shuts down as snow, freezing rain pummel France"
Trump tells Israeli daily Jerusalem move was a high point
"In budget deal, new signs of clipped wings among GOP's fiscal hawks"
Economy offers political promise and peril for Democrats' bid to win back power
"A woman may have given birth in an airport bathroom, and left the baby behind, police say"
"Five major psychiatric disorders have overlapping patterns of genetic activity, new study shows"
A battle over language is at the heart of Northern Ireland's governance crisis
A Tokyo public school announced $730 Armani uniforms. Parents weren't happy.
Mexico nabs Zetas cartel leader Jose Maria Guizar Valencia
"After sharp criticism, Rio evangelical mayor opens Carnival"
Turkey resumes airstrikes on Syrian Kurdish enclave
French far-right icon Jean-Marie Le Pen gets mixed ruling
Combined Korean team ready to shed politics in Olympic debut
UN agency warns of sexual violence at Greek refugee camps
Trump on former White House aide: 'He says he's innocent'
"Minnesota Democrat to retire, creating possible Republican pickup"
Kelly offers account of Porter exit that some White House aides consider untrue
Dan Coats's over-the-top defense of Trump's intelligence briefings
Is this the end for John Kelly?
White House releases white paper on lowering drug prices
A government worker says he didn't want to help ICE deport immigrants. So he quit.
This flu season has reached pandemic levels - but it's not technically a pandemic)
The Latest: UN chief urges denuclearization to North Korea
"Risking Israeli dispute, Lebanon signs deal with 3 oil firms"
"Trump lavishes praise on Rob Porter, former top aide accused of domestic violence"
Who knew what and when about the abuse allegations against Rob Porter
A battle over language is at the heart of Northern Ireland crisis
Dow seesaws after Thursday's plunge into correction territory
The Latest: YPG official confirms British extremist detained
"Church expert: #Metoo, Chile bishop scandal a wake-up call"
"At Olympic Games, Kim Jong Un's sister takes VIP seat"
UN agency for Palestinian refugees fundraises after US cuts
'Who knew libertarians were so sensitive?': Lawmaker won't apologize for Rand Paul crack.
The White House's weekly 'immigrant crime' tally includes non-crimes and non-immigrants
Pence's Olympic mission - rebuff North Korea's propaganda
Trump taps decorated admiral to be U.S. ambassador to Australia
How John Kelly's stance on Rob Porter's ousting could foreshadow his own
This is what inadequate funding at a public school looks and feels like - as told by an entire faculty
"To learn about improving urban public schools, we should study Chicago. Yes, Chicago."
Snowy Paris gets raves from tourists even with Eiffel closed
Unions vow to fight Trump's pay-for-performance plan for federal employees
'Who knew libertarians were so sensitive?' Lawmaker won't apologize for Rand Paul crack.
"Trump's defensive and sympathetic comments about Rob Porter, annotated"
How a potential Census question could shift political power in America
The White House's weekly 'immigrant crime' tally includes non-crimes and nonimmigrants
Dow surges at the finish in a week of heavy losses
GOP mulling ban on the use of politically funded information in surveillance requests
Pence's Olympic mission: Countering North Korean propaganda
"Trump's full comments essentially defending Rob Porter, annotated"
Pence's bid to isolate North Korea at Olympics falls flat
The number three person at Justice is resigning. Here's how that affects Mueller.
Nighthawks: Lawmakers drift through a surreal overnight shutdown drama
What Rachel Brand said at her confirmation hearing
Remember London's 143-ton 'fatberg'? Part of it is on display in a city museum.
Trump administration divided over how to handle two ISIS militants
Third-highest ranking official at the Justice Department stepping down
