"Carlotta now a depression, likely to stay off Mexico coast"
"Strong earthquake near Osaka, Japan, causes scattered damage"
Former Cambodian PM Ranariddh hurt in car crash; wife killed
Conservative wins Colombia's presidency in divisive election
The Latest: Leftist vows to fight Colombia's president-elect
The Latest: Ex-rebels want to meet with new Colombia leader
March for Our Lives activists kick off tour to address gun violence
2 feared dead after earthquake hits Osaka in western Japan
"The Latest: 2 feared dead in Japan earthquake, 41 injured"
Japanese disaster authorities say two people were found without vital signs and 41 others were injured by an earthquake
"3 dead, dozens injured by quake in Osaka in western Japan"
Vietnam arrests 8 people after economic zone law protests
The Latest: 3 confirmed dead in western Japan earthquake
"US-led coalition hits Syrian army post, causing casualties"
Colombia's president-elect seeks unity after polarizing vote
Puerto Rico struggles with jump in asthma cases post-Maria
The Latest: More than 90 injured in Osaka-area earthquake
Is Trump gaslighting the world on North Korea?
2 Koreas discuss how to cooperate in Asian Games
Injured former Cambodian PM Ranariddh sent to Thai hospital
Israel strikes Hamas targets in bid to deter burning kites
N.D. Republican's Senate campaign 'fact-checking' website promotes false claim on CBO estimates
Iran hangs Sufi over killing of 3 policemen
"Strong quake near Osaka, Japan, kills 3, knocks over walls"
Difficult Merkel allies mull next move in German migrant row
Afghan Sikh leader holds out hope for dwindling minority
"Syria says US-led strike hits troops in east, US denies"
UN rights chief: US policy on migrant kids 'unconscionable'
Google to invest $550 million in Alibaba rival JD.com
Philippine airstrikes target IS-linked militants near Marawi
Last week's IG report about the FBI made a big splash. Here's you need to know about Inspectors General.
Gazans challenge Israel's high-tech defenses with flaming kites
Libyan airstrikes target group attacking oil ports
"Bus crash in Poland kills 2 people, injures 27 retirees"
"Rebels shell village in central Yemen, killing 8 civilians"
Macedonian police detain 25 after clashes in name protest
Police say 3 Polish men drown in southwest Germany
Roger Stone's and Michael Caputo's damningly false denials of contact with Russians
Trump's tariffs aren't the biggest trade problem. Will China step up to protect the WTO?
The Latest: UK's Boris Johnson defends UN human rights body
Peace convoy arrives in Afghan capital after 40-day march
"The Latest: Vatican, Mexico lament suffering of migrant kids"
British police: 3 struck dead by train in south London
The Cybersecurity 202: Trump associates may need a lesson on how to use their encrypted apps
Last week's IG report about the FBI made a big splash. Here's what you need to know about inspectors general.
The Equal Rights Amendment has been dead for 36 years. It might be on the verge of a comeback.
"Mosquito- and tick-borne diseases soar, but you can stop them"
"Deputy accused of sexually assaulting girl, 4, threatening to have mother deported if she spoke up"
He told his friends his vest was stab-proof and offered to demonstrate. It wasn't.
'It was either me or the cat': Georgia woman kills rabid bobcat with her bare hands
"5 killed in Texas crash after SUV packed with immigrants flees Border Patrol, authorities say"
"Armed civilian kills gunman, stops shooting spree at Tumwater, Wash., Walmart"
Merkel's government faces internal rebellion over immigration in Germany
"Prince Harry said to 'give Donald Trump a chance,' according to Meghan Markle's father"
The Latest: Rescued migrants in Spain seeking French asylum
The Latest: Merkel to talk migration with new Italian leader
The Latest: More than 300 injured in Osaka-area earthquake
Palestinian dies after being wounded near Gaza-Israel border
South Korea says it has agreed to march together with North Korea in Asian Games opening and closing ceremonies
The Energy 202: Kilauea's eruption reignites debate over Hawaii's geothermal plant
The Daily 202: Trump team cannot get its story straight on separating migrant families
The Health 202: Congress tackles Medicaid rule in effort to dent opioid crisis
Russia used to see itself as part of Europe. Here's why that changed.
This autistic boy's classmates had never heard him speak. What he finally said at graduation blew them away.
Evidence for a new fundamental particle thrills and baffles physicists
Merkel's government faces internal rebellion over immigration
UAE's campaign for Yemen port city a test of 'Little Sparta'
2 Koreas agree to march together at Asian Games
Watchdog says Pakistan's military is intimidating reporters
The Latest: Merkel will talk to other countries on migration
Baby born on Paris suburban train gets free rides until 25
The Latest: Bosnian police stop migrants heading for Croatia
All things to all people: How the administration is presenting child separations to different audiences
"Armed civilian kills gunman, stops shooting spree at Walmart in Washington state"
Merkel faces internal rebellion over immigration
"Vatican, Mexico lament children suffer most from migration"
British police: 3 men struck dead by train in south London
Macedonian government submits deal on new name to parliament
The Latest: Seehofer wants quick action on migrants
"Bus crash in Poland kills 2 retirees, injures 27 others"
"White House insists Democrats to blame for family separations, even as some in GOP urge Trump to reverse course"
Supreme Court sidesteps decision on partisan gerrymandering
"Artificial trans fats, widely linked to heart disease, are officially banned"
"This autistic boy's classmates had never heard him speak. At graduation, he took the mic."
"As Merkel holds off collapse of her government over migration, Trump tweets Europe made a 'big mistake' accepting migrants"
Romania: US diplomat says corruption helps 'hostile powers'
"Japan team at World Cup troubled by earthquake, hotel alarm"
"Merkel, allies avert collision for now in German migrant row"
Bosnia police block migrants from reaching EU member Croatia
Greek far-right lawmaker arrested on treason-linked charges
Trump: News media would have called Obama 'a national hero' for meeting Kim Jong Un
The grim desperation of Kirstjen Nielsen
"?Supreme Court sidesteps decision on partisan gerrymandering in rulings on Wisconsin, Maryland cases"
Supreme Court allows retaliatory arrest lawsuit to move forward
Jeff Sessions defended family separation with the Bible. John Oliver countered with Dr. Seuss.
Video shows Tesla bursting into flames on L.A. street 'out of the blue'
U.N. human rights chief calls Trump administration's policy on migrant children 'unconscionable'
Trump says crime in Germany is way up. German statistics show the opposite.
"Former Israeli minister, who served time for smuggling ecstasy, accused of spying for Iran"
"As Merkel holds on precariously, Trump tweets Germans 'are turning against their leadership' on migration"
Israel arrests former government minister for Iran spying
Ferry carrying 80 sinks in Indonesia's Lake Toba
Carlotta weakens to tropical depression off Mexico's coast
How images of separated children are shaping the immigration debate
"'This heartless policy': Echoing his sister-in-law, Jeb Bush speaks out against forced migrant family separations"
"Financial reporting, conflict of interest rules for federal employees apply to virtual money, ethics office says"
What's happening on immigration in Congress this week? A day-by-day guide
At least six people close to Trump almost certainly knew about offers from Russians of dirt on Clinton
"Supreme Court sidesteps decision on partisan gerrymandering in rulings on Wisconsin, Maryland cases"
Inside Trump's Beverly Hills Hotel bungalows: Secrets or lies?
"As Merkel holds off collapse of her government, Trump tweets Europe made a 'big mistake' accepting migrants"
"Facing outcry over family separations, DHS chief says, 'We will not apologize'"
Critics scoff at UK govt claim of Brexit spending dividend
"Australian who irked Duterte wins appeal, still faces ouster"
Italian interior minister takes aim at Roma with census
Instagrammers love this self-taught florist. Now the industry is finally catching on.
'I wanted to stop her crying': The image of a migrant child that broke a photographer's heart
"He failed high school chemistry and algebra. Now a doctor, he went to his alma mater to tell graduating seniors about success."
"Ticks and mosquitoes are ready to deliver disease in a bite, but you can stop them"
The Supreme Court just gave Republicans a big break on gerrymandering
"Justice Dept. inspector general, FBI director face questions from Congress on report"
A high court ruling in favor of judicial brevity - and a win for Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein
A day-by-day guide to a huge week for immigration in Congress
Two-thirds of Americans oppose Trump's family-separation policy
"Knee and hip replacements are common, but they're not always fully successful"
The water in the tropical Atlantic is the coldest in decades. That may stymie hurricane season.
Sessions says family separation is 'necessary' to keep the country from being 'overwhelmed.' Federal immigration data says otherwise.
Airline urges tighter policy on alcohol sales after rowdy passengers force flight to divert
Analysis: Trump says crime in Germany is way up. German statistics show the opposite.
"The U.S. government has opened a huge new facility in Taiwan, and China isn't happy"
US serial sperm donor banned from donating in Israel
"New Survey: Over 1 billion small arms in world, up from 2007"
Mexico arrests ex-prosecutor in disappearance cases
"UN says over 25,000 people fled Yemen fighting at Hodeida"
Trump promised 'very honest' comments on immigration and then offered the opposite
The GOP has Trump's back on separating families at the border - which is all he cares about
"White House falsely insists Democrats to blame for family separations, even as some in GOP urge Trump to reverse course"
It was a Trump favorite. Now lawyers want the famously discreet Beverly Hills Hotel to share its secrets.
Trump says he's directing Pentagon to create a new 'space force'
"'No sense of urgency': State Dept. slow to help American beaten and held in Vietnam, family says"
Report: Shooting in Sweden leaves 4 injured
Turkey charges father of NBA's Kanter as terror group member
2 activists killed in Gambia in protests against sand mining
"Russia, Egypt match at World Cup could test close ties"
Greece: 2 face racism charges over beatings of immigrants
"Justice Dept. watchdog says probes ongoing into disclosure of Comey memos, FBI leaks"
The GOP backs Trump on separating families at the border - which is all he cares about
Supreme Court allows retaliatory-arrest lawsuit to move forward
AP PHOTOS: European teams sweep Day 5 of World Cup
"Report says over 1 billion small arms in world, up from 2007"
Doubts loom over Colombia peace deal with hawk's election
Shooting in Sweden leaves 5 men injured
"DEA chief steps down, citing increasing challenges of temporary role"
'Cage Jeff Sessions': The immigration fight followed the attorney general to New Orleans
Are Betsy DeVos's policies exacerbating racial inequities in student debt? These lawmakers think so.
"From Houston to Corpus Christi, torrential rain may fall at times for days"
The best teacher of the week (even though it's only Monday)
French executives to stand trial for 'moral harassment' a decade after employee suicides
A man was crushed to death beneath his mother's coffin
Romania: Criminal justice revisions worsen graft worries
Spanish PM vows to exhume Franco from controversial site
"Supreme Court to consider cases on the seizure of a $40,000 Land Rover, iPhone apps and a moose hunter"
Efforts to limit partisan gerrymandering falter at Supreme Court
"Gang fistfight escalated into a mass shooting at New Jersey arts festival, prosecutor says"
'Cage Jeff Sessions': The immigration fight follows the attorney general to New Orleans
"Gunfire injures 5 in Sweden, police tell public not to worry"
"Top Russian and US diplomats discuss Syria, North Korea"
"Senate passes defense bill, setting up clash with House over ZTE"
"How to mislead with statistics, DHS Secretary Nielsen edition"
"'Trump started this, and Trump can end this': Democrats urge president to reverse immigration policy"
Pentagon suspends 'war game' with South Korea after Trump's meeting with Kim
UN chief warns Gaza violence is close 'to the brink of war'
Seismologists clarify Mexico soccer fans didn't cause quake
