Brother arrested after 4 found dead at the scene of mansion fire
Trump administration asks court to take up transgender military ban immediately
Police shoot and kill man after responding to fight at Alabama mall
Betsy DeVos to the rescue: For-profit colleges see a savior in secretary
Koreas gain UN sanctions exemption for joint rail survey
Taiwan votes in local elections with Beijing in background
Taiwan votes in local elections amid pressure from China
Taiwan was supposed to be the first place in Asia to legalize gay marriage. Then things got complicated.
Bahrain votes for new parliament but opposition is absent
"Explosion at Chinese factory kills 2, knocks down houses"
Iran's Rouhani calls Israel a 'cancerous tumor'
AP interview: Saudi royal says crown prince is here to stay
Pakistan arrests 300 supporters of detained cleric
"Police brace for driver protests in Paris, around France"
Theresa May's Brexit plan is much like the prime minister herself
"U.S. soldier, 2 Afghan troops killed in Afghanistan"
Kenya identifies suspects in Italian woman's kidnapping
Global Catholic nuns urge reporting of sex abuse to police
At least 25 dead as bus falls into canal in southern India
Nigeria's military acknowledges major attack by extremists
"Ocasio-Cortez, Democratic freshmen look to shape party as it takes control of House"
"Want Congress to look more like the people it serves? Provide member housing, pay staff more"
U.S. sees humanitarian crisis as migrants arrive with kids who are not their own
Russia space agency chief: We'll verify US moon landings
Which Americans support the Second Amendment? The answer depends on whether whites or blacks have the guns.
Taiwan ruling party suffers major defeat in local elections
"Zimbabwe small plane crash kills 5, including 3 Finns"
The Latest: Taiwan ruling party suffers loss in local polls
"US, Britain mourn loss of Syrian activists"
Indian police map area of island where US man was killed
Nationalists support Erdogan in vote for Turkey's big cities
"Police uses tear gas, water cannon against Paris protesters"
Egypt unveils pharaonic tomb found in Luxor
This photographer wanted to humanize Ellis Island's immigrants. His images are still powerful.
Theresa May's unloved Brexit plan is much like the prime minister herself
"Spanish PM Pedro Sanchez says Gibraltar deal reached, UK and EU agree to Spain's conditions on Brexit talks"
"Zimbabwe's Mugabe no longer able to walk, president says"
"After rolling back regulations, Betsy DeVos plans new rules that could benefit for-profit colleges"
"Zimbabwe small plane crash kills 5, including 4 Finns"
"After attack on Chinese consulate, Pakistan points to India"
French protesters angry over fuel taxes clash with police
House results underscore that what's good for Trump isn't so good for the GOP
"This city is offering you $10,000 to move there"
Pakistan arrests 1100 supporters of detained cleric
Spain to back Brexit deal after UK agrees to Gibraltar terms
How Gibraltar almost stopped a Brexit deal
Deal with Mexico paves way for asylum overhaul at U.S. border
Libya death toll rises to 8 in IS attack on police station
Who becomes the U.S.'s best friend in Europe after Britain leaves the E.U.?
Russian FM says US pursues 'hidden agenda' in Syria
Wanted: The 'perfect babysitter.' Must pass AI scan for respect and attitude.
"French police deploy tear gas, water cannons against fuel-tax protesters in Paris"
Uganda: At least 10 die in boat accident on Lake Victoria
"With a smirk, official says Russia will verify moon landings"
"18 girls kidnapped by Boko Haram in Niger, official says"
Police said they killed a mall shooter. Now they say they might have shot the wrong man.
'They shot the wrong man!' Police said they killed a mall shooter - then said they made a mistake.
US reports 'possible terrorist threat' against it in Congo
The Latest: Syrian TV: 21 injured in suspected gas attack
The Latest: Syrian official: 50 injured in gas attack
Syria state TV: 41 injured in rebel poison gas attack
Incoming Mexico gov't: No deal to host US asylum-seekers
'They shot the wrong man!': Police said they killed a mall shooter - then said they made a mistake
Syria state TV: 50 injured in rebel poison gas attack
The Latest: Syrian rebels dismiss poison-gas claims
