"Tension spikes between White House, Congress ahead of Trump's memo decision"
FEC commissioner's departure leaves panel with bare-minimum quorum
"Lawyers for Rick Gates ask to leave Mueller-probe case, citing 'irreconcilable differences' with their client"
"When VA needed landscaping and snow removal, one employee hired her brother"
A school district drops 'To Kill a Mockingbird' and 'Huckleberry Finn' over use of the n-word
Cornell fraternity on probation after a 'pig roast' contest to have sex with overweight women
"Trump declares newly released FBI texts ""BOMBSHELLS,"" though the picture they paint is murky"
Trump's favorite general: Can Mattis check an impulsive president and still retain his trust?
"Justice Dept. official who helped oversee Clinton, Russia probes steps down"
Venezuela sets April 22 for election after talks break down
The Latest: Venezuela calls April 22 presidential election
"George Papadopoulos, his bride-to-be, and the Russia-linked 'professor' who brought them together"
Senior White House official to resign after ex-wives' allegations of abuse
Cornell puts fraternity on probation after 'pig roast' contest to have sex with overweight women
FBI: No evidence of homicide in border agent's death cited by Trump
Mike Pence is stepping into a larger role on the world stage
Sister of North Korean leader to come to South for Olympics
Trump calls on Congress to close 'deadly' immigration loopholes
"Nancy Pelosi's eight-hour speech, in three minutes"
'Greed is good'?: Waymo turns to Gordon Gekko to aid its case against Uber
North Korean official facing sanctions may get exemption
Lawyers say Maldives' top judge unconstitutionally detained
EPA's Scott Pruitt asks whether global warming 'necessarily is a bad thing'
AP Exclusive: Hunger used to target Rohingya in Myanmar
Workers try to shore up tilted buildings after Taiwan quake
"Sweeping budget deal would more than $500 billion in federal spending, end months of partisan wrangling"
"One year after taking the helm, DeVos hails shrinking the Education Dept."
Authorities: 8 dead at south China subway construction site
S. Korea gets flexible with N. Korea sanctions for Olympics
Bangladesh is on high alert before verdict against ex-PM Zia
The Latest: Pence decries modern-day 'gulags' in North Korea
"Pro-government forces attack U.S., Kurdish troops in eastern Syria"
"China January exports up 11.1 pct, imports surge 36.9 pct"
Australia's Aboriginal life expectancy gap widens
The Latest: Pence says he learned of W. House staff scandal
"China's January exports rise 11.1 percent over a year ago; imports surge 36.9 percent, rebounding from weak December"
Bangladesh on high alert ahead of verdict against ex-PM Zia
The evangelical singer who would be Costa Rica's president
"International Criminal Court to investigate Duterte, his spokesman says"
Military parades are about ego and power. Of course Trump wants one.
Cave-in at south China subway construction site kills 8
Ancient temple left neglected as Yemen war threatens history
China January trade surges amid tension with Washington
South Korean official says North Korea held military parade on eve of Winter Olympics in South Korea
"In small interactions before Olympics, Korean unity emerges"
Afghan official: 4 children killed amid battle with Taliban
Pence to push S. Korea toward more hawkish N. Korea policy
"China, African Union deny report bloc's building was bugged"
Thai activists who protested junta surrender to police
"Afghan official: Chinese, Uzbek IS militants killed in raid"
President Trump's claim that 'thousands and thousands' of MS-13 members are off the streets
"International Criminal Court to probe Duterte, his spokesman says"
Netanyahu feuds with police chief ahead of probe findings
"Turkish, Russian, Iranian leaders to meet over Syria crisis"
South Korean president to meet North Korean leader's sister
British lawmakers could be expelled over sexual harassment
"Nissan sales suffer over scandal, but US tax reforms help"
FIFA president praises Russian World Cup preparations
"The Latest: Syria confirms US airstrike, reports casualties"
"Syria accuses U.S. of ""aggression"" after its warplanes strike pro-government forces"
Who is Kim Yo Jong? Here's what we know about the North Korean princess.
George W. Bush says Russia meddled in 2016 US election
Greece launches bond in key step to exiting bailout era
Mars on Earth: Simulation tests in remote desert of Oman
Key Islamic State suspect absent as Belgian trial resumes
"The Latest: Pence meets S. Korean leader, vows US support"
"Sweeping budget deal would add more than $500 billion in federal spending, end months of partisan wrangling"
"South Korea's president to host North Korean officials, including the First Sister"
"China's surprising sway over Europe, and 6 other global stories you might have missed"
Pentagon exonerates Marines blackballed by war-crimes case. They doubt the gesture is sincere.
Syria accuses U.S. of 'aggression' after its warplanes strike pro-government forces
Rescuers comb Taiwan quake rubble for remaining 7 missing
Saudi writer sentenced to prison for criticizing royal court
Zimbabwe's top opposition party hurt by power struggles
Australian premier to apologize to child sex abuse victims
Egypt's ex-auditor feared same fate as slain Italian scholar
Billionaire Trump adviser donates to Israel National Library
"Sex harassment can make victims physically sick, studies reveal"
"Judge suggests drug-addicted woman get sterilized before sentencing, and she does"
"Imagine telling a child he's dying of cancer when you know he isn't. This Florida couple did just that, police say."
"A guide to North Korea's Olympic concert, playlist version"
"For this newly formed Army unit, the stakes in Afghanistan will be high"
AP Explains: Who's in charge in South Africa these days?
The Latest: Pound rises on UK central bank hint of rate hike
Bangladesh court sends former leader Khaleda Zia to prison
Jordan's king arrives in Pakistan for talks with officials
The Daily 202: Improving poll numbers give Republicans hope that the midterms might not be so bad
The Finance 202: Washington's spending spree threatens the economic expansion
"Preparing for the National Prayer Breakfast, Trump returns to a familiar theme: 'The Apprentice'"
"For U.S. troops in Afghanistan, new questions about where to be in combat"
U.S. workers want more money. Many Europeans just want more free time.
"U.S. workers want more money, many Europeans just want more free time"
The Latest: Bank of England says market turmoil no surprise
"Analysis: As Olympics begin, 2 Koreas navigate an odd moment"
Nelson Mandela rose makes debut ahead of Valentine's Day
Thai capital known for tourist sites chokes in polluted haze
"EU lawmakers condemn Turkish action in Syria, arrests"
The Health 202: Congress is poised to invest more dollars in the opioid crisis
The Energy 202: Pruitt isn't the first to argue global warming may not be 'a bad thing'
The White House's Rob Porter debacle is either a sign of incompetence or hubris - or both
"Ariana Kukors, Olympic swimmer, accuses coach Sean Hutchison of sexual abuse"
International Criminal Court to probe Duterte drug war deaths in Philippines
"South Korea's president to host North Korean officials, including Kim Jong Un's sister"
Navalny accuses top Russian officials of ties to billionaire
Lebanon says contacts underway to ease tensions with Israel
"The Latest: Lawyer: Shooting at police criminal, not terror"
House leaders scramble to win support for budget deal ahead of midnight deadline
George W. Bush says 'there's pretty clear evidence' that Russia meddled in U.S. election
"Why, despite America's might, Trump's military parade can't compare to North Korea's"
The White House's Rob Porter debacle is a sign of incompetence or hubris - or both
"More than 11,000 Americans targeted in India call center tax fraud"
Who is Kim Yo Jong? Here's what we know about the North Korean 'princess.'
Poland and EU officials see improvement in ties
Syria calls rare US strike an effort 'to support terrorism'
West African nation of Guinea reports Lassa fever death
Russian diplomat: US doctrine may lower nuclear threshold
"In Denmark, volunteer finds $8,284 in charity shop coat"
UK 'disappointed' at Bermuda's same-sex marriage ban
George W. Bush: There's clear evidence Russia meddled in U.S. election
Why Paul Ryan could be a loser in this budget deal
White nationalist plans event at the University of Tennessee
Bermuda legalized same-sex marriage a year ago. This week it abolished it.
"Assad government, Russia condemn U.S. presence in Syria as 'illegal' following airstrikes"
"South Africa in limbo as Zuma, deputy discuss possible exit"
The Latest: Syria wants UN to condemn US 'massacre'
French environment chief denies sexual misconduct claims
Sudan says its ambassador to Cairo to return 'very soon'
John Kelly's credibility is at risk after defending aide accused of domestic violence
"John McCain hasn't returned to Washington because of flu concerns, his daughter says"
'Lazy' vs. taking American jobs: The White House's mixed messages on 'dreamers'
A Holocaust denier is the presumptive Republican nominee for a congressional seat. The GOP faults the media for covering him.
Judge suggests drug-addicted woman get sterilized before sentencing - and she does
How tall buildings may have ignited a thundersnow assault during the bomb cyclone
One of Australia's staunchest opponents of same-sex marriage just left his wife for his pregnant girlfriend
"Ahead of Olympics, Iran and South Korea spar over Samsung phones and sanctions"
The Latest: Belgian IS trial focuses on arms stockpile
Lebanese prosecutor demands death for killer of UK woman
Syria says rare US strike an effort 'to support terrorism'
Romanian study: Half-day old snow safe to eat
Egypt's ex-auditor says attack on him linked to election
'Haunted by tweets every single day': Omarosa dishes to another 'Big Brother' contestant about her White House days
Thirty-seven administration officials who've resigned or been fired under Trump
A Holocaust denier is the presumptive Republican nominee for a congressional seat. The GOP fault the media for covering him.
McConnell lauds two-year spending bill
U.S. troops may be at risk of 'mission creep' after a deadly battle in the Syrian desert
The Latest: Attacks on eastern suburbs of Damascus kill 56
"Venezuela election could trigger deeper sanctions, exiles"
Freemasons complain they are being stigmatized
Trial for Paris attack suspect Abdeslam hints at deadly plan
Ambassador says Brexit is high stakes for Japanese firms
What happened to the Democrats' 'Better Deal?' Check the spending bill.
"Danish volunteer finds $8,284 in charity shop coat pocket"
Investors back Greek bond issue as bailout end approaches
Toronto police: remains of 6 found in serial killer probe
Colombia tightens border control as Venezuela migrants surge
"In the shadow of Nancy Pelosi, Joseph Crowley campaigns - but for what?"
Cable news doesn't talk about the debt nearly as much as it used to
Twitter executive on fake news: 'We are not the arbiters of truth'
"Understaffing, lack of training at agencies hampering agency services to public, personnel agency says"
What you need to know about evangelicals in the Trump era
Kate Upton's allegations against Paul Marciano are part of the fashion industry's reckoning
"Norwegian Olympic team tries to order 1,500 eggs, ends up with 15,000 instead"
Uruguay will extend aide to ex-Guantanamo inmates for a year
AP Interview: Qatari official urges world to aid Gaza
Pro-Israel charity schedules new gala at Mar-a-Lago in hopes President Trump will drop by
The White House's confusing contrition on the Rob Porter fiasco
'The hard part is about to begin': U.S.-South Korean relations fray as Olympics open
"Senate budget delay raises possibility of brief shutdown at midnight, while House leaders scramble for votes"
UN exempts sanctions for North Korea's Olympic delegation
Uruguay will extend aid to ex-Guantanamo inmates for a year
AP Interview: Qatari envoy urges world to aid Gaza
The Latest: Russia denounces US coalition airstrike at UN
White House spokesman declines to say when officials learned of alleged domestic abuse by top aide
'He had not seen images': The White House response to Rob Porter recalls the NFL's handling of Ray Rice
Omarosa claims she tried to bring some stability to the White House. Here's why we are skeptical.
'Faith is central to American life': Those without faith feel excluded from Trump's vision of America
The Dow has now lost over 40 percent of what it added during Trump's presidency
Congressional leaders push bipartisan budget deal
Pence out to counter NKorean 'propaganda' at Olympic games
White House advises government agencies to prepare for shutdown as Congress struggles to pass budget ahead of midnight deadline
How the FISA process actually works
Kelly 'had not seen images': The White House response to Rob Porter recalls the NFL's handling of Ray Rice
Chemistry professor arrested by ICE on his front lawn won't be deported - for now
Young men left America to join ISIS. They ended up cooking and cleaning for the caliphate.
"Five major psychiatric diseases have overlapping patterns of genetic activity, new study shows"
How some cities are attracting 5G investments ahead of others
Researchers who made praying mantises wear glasses discover a new type of vision
Rare deep-sea creatures may use underwater chimneys to keep their eggs warm
Boy seeking toy climbs into arcade claw machine. Firefighters save the day.
"Their last waltzes: Elton John, Ozzy Osbourne, Lynyrd Skynyrd, Paul Simon all retiring"
"Reddit bans 'deepfakes,' pornography using the faces of celebrities such as Taylor Swift and Gal Gadot"
"2 suspected ISIS militants from Britain detained in Syria, U.S. officials say"
Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny scours Instagram to accuse a top Kremlin official of ties to a billionaire
The Latest: UN official calls for 30-day Syria cease-fire
"19 police in Mexican state charged in kidnappings, killings"
