Mattis resigns after clash with Trump over troop withdrawal from Syria
"'A tailspin': Under siege, Trump propels the government and markets into crisis"
"With spending bill stalled, federal agencies prepare to cease operations at midnight Friday"
"James Mattis's unmistakable repudiation of Trumpism, annotated"
"James Mattis's unmistakably anti-Trumpism resignation letter, annotated"
Ann Coulter once called Trump a 'god.' Now she says he's 'gutless' if he can't build the wall
"In budget brinkmanship, Republicans once again hold themselves hostage"
Gen. Jim Mattis is retiring. Here's a timeline of Team Trump departures.
Ranking the most stressful airports during the holidays
Trump administration takes another step toward oil drilling in Arctic National Wildlife Refuge
She spent two years building a tiny house. Then thieves wheeled it away.
"Jim Mattis's unmistakable repudiation of Trumpism, annotated"
Mattis resigns after clash with Trump over troop withdrawal from Syria and Afghanistan
Trump orders major military withdrawal from Afghanistan as Mattis departs
'A sad day for America': Washington fears a Trump unchecked by Mattis
"This time, the United States is betraying more than just the Kurds, allies say"
"With Syria decision, Trump's foreign policy doctrine emerges"
White House weighs whether to continue airstrikes in Syria after troops withdraw
Read the Jim Mattis resignation letter
Trump's decision to withdraw from Syria marks a win for Putin
"Ethics official said Whitaker should recuse from the Mueller probe, but his advisers told him not to, officials say"
US envoy optimistic about N. Korea despite latest friction
UN to vote on monitors to observe cease-fire in Yemen port
Japanese media say prosecutors press new allegation of breach of trust against Nissan ex-chair Carlos Ghosn
UN envoy: More work needed on Syria constitutional committee
"Paul Ryan's small, sad goodbye"
Alba the albino orangutan returned to jungle in Indonesia
A triple-amputee military vet raises more than $10 million for Trump's border wall in four days
Papua leaders call for Indonesia to withdraw troops
"Tokyo 2020: domestic sponsorships up, operating budget same"
Mexico appears willing but unready to hold US refugees
UN council to vote on monitors for truce at key Yemen port
Lawmaker demands reform of transplant network after Washington Post stories
The biggest winner of Trump's Syria withdrawal? Turkey.
AP Exclusive: Facebook removes fake Bangladesh news sites
"Tokyo 2020 Olympics: domestic sponsorships up, budget same"
These are the 3 reasons that Jim Mattis&#8217;s resignation is not just unusual - but startling
Indonesian Muslims protest China's detention of Uighurs
London's Gatwick Airport resumes flights after drone chaos
"India, China to enhance academic exchanges, tourism"
China calls US arrogant and selfish after hacking indictment
"Eyeing 2024, gymnastics makes moves on free-spirited parkour"
"In Congo, will president's chosen successor have real power?"
Why men support marijuana legalization more than women do
Norway says murder video from Morocco is likely authentic
Germany's intel chief to step up efforts against far right
Pope to priestly sex abusers: Turn yourselves in
Denmark requires new citizens to shake hands at ceremony
Pope Francis vows Catholic Church will 'never again' cover up clergy sex abuse
Trump to sign bipartisan criminal justice bill amid partisan rancor over stopgap spending measure
Power Up: Trump kicks chaos theory into overdrive with Mattis out and government shutdown in
"Even with Mattis resigning, Trump is still damaging the military&#8217;s credibility as nonpartisan."
Ann Coulter once called Trump a 'god.' Now she says he's 'gutless' if he can't build the wall.
Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez received 62 percent of her funding from small-dollar donors. The average House member received less than 8 percent.
"President Trump has made 7,546 false or misleading claims over 700 days"
Bird says safety is their 'top priority.' So why is the e-scooter company's Instagram page nearly devoid of helmets?
A multiple choice test: Will 10 APs get you ready for Yale? Yes? No? Maybe?
Afghan government puts brave face on U.S. withdrawal but experts alarmed
Detained Canadian analyst kept in Chinese cell with lights always on
'A morning of alarm': Mattis departure sends shock waves abroad
Iraq receives 90-day extension to Iran sanctions waiver
Falling boulders kill 7 road workers in Himalayas in India
Turkish foreign minister: Turkey welcomes U.S. decision to withdraw troops from Syria
Lockerbie bombing victims remembered on 30th anniversary
Belgian media: King asks Michel to lead caretaker Cabinet
Military defections didn't determine the Arab uprisings
Trump threatens government shutdown 'will last for a very long time' if Democrats oppose House bill that includes border wall money
The Cybersecurity 202: International cooperation on China hacking could be signal for 2019
A triple-amputee military vet's GoFundMe has raised more than $11 million for Trump's border wall
Christmas in China: Another holiday away in a long Foreign Service trek
Water is getting scarcer. Is foreign investment making the problem worse?
These are the three reasons that Jim Mattis&#8217;s resignation is not just unusual - but startling
"In pivotal Yemeni city, scarred by war and cholera, a fragile ceasefire is tested"
"Afghan government puts brave face on U.S. withdrawal, but experts are alarmed"
"Syria and Afghanistan are losing U.S. troops but 'Fort Trump' talks are going well, Poland says"
Romania tax authorities to auction off Ceausescu car
Afghan official: US troop withdrawal to have little impact
The Latest: Kurd pol: France should strengthen role in Syria
"Dutch convoy sets off for Greece, hoping to pick up migrants"
The Technology 202: Washington and Silicon Valley crashed into each other in 2018
Nation's aviation system won't shut down if the federal government does
A father and his sons cut wood to fill 80 trucks. Then they brought it to homes that needed heat.
Bird says safety is its 'top priority.' So why is the e-scooter company's Instagram page nearly devoid of helmets?
Turkey's Erdogan delays operation against Kurdish forces in Syria
"Turkish president announces delay of planned offensive in Syria, welcomes Trump decision to pull out troops"
Pope Francis tells priests guilty of sexual abuse that the church won't shield them. 'Hand yourself over to human justice.'
The Latest: Turkey says pledges aided US Syria troop pullout
UAE to give $3 billion to Pakistan to boost economy
2 people found with gunshot wounds in Austrian capital
US fundraising site suspends Palestinian boycott account
Belgian king asks premier to stay and lead caretaker Cabinet
Trump warns of a 'very long' government shutdown if Democrats oppose bill that includes border wall money
The Daily 202: Mattis resignation and shutdown saber-rattling signal an even more chaotic Trump presidency in 2019
"Charlie Hebdo attack suspect arrested, French officials say"
"Congo opposition candidate accepts election delay, for now"
Denmark charges man for plotting terror attack
Kurds call for larger French role after US leaves Syria
This wall debate is what happens when the only voices you hear agree with you
The yes-man-ification of the Trump administration
"Even with Mattis resigning, Trump is still damaging the military&#8217;s credibility as nonpartisan"
Austrian leader says tax could deter investment in Romania
Russian court calls for Kremlin critic Browder's extradition
Indonesia owns majority control over Freeport's mine
Norway: Murder video of tourists in Morocco likely authentic
German court decides against trying alleged Nazi camp guard
Ethics panel expands probe of Rep. Schweikert and former top aide over alleged improper spending
A triple-amputee military vet's GoFundMe has raised more than $12 million for Trump's border wall
"'He just refounded ISIS': Fox News bucks Trump - again - and Trump is listening, again"
Ethics panel declines to sanction outgoing lawmaker who kept top aide on staff amid abuse allegations
Trump is getting closer to a Cabinet full of yes men
What the Mattis resignation tells us about how Trump is damaging the military&#8217;s credibility
9 new suspects arrested after murder of 2 women in Morocco
Germany: airport security returning to normal after scare
"Dutch convoy sets off for Greece, hoping to help migrants"
Israeli military still silent over journalist shooting
Mexican actress seeks $60 million in damages from Mexico
The Latest: 9 more suspects arrested in Morocco slayings
Ruth Bader Ginsburg has surgery for malignant nodules in her lung
"Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg had surgery for two malignant nodules in her left lung, a Supreme Court spokeswoman said"
"'He just re-founded ISIS': Fox News bucks Trump - again - and Trump is listening, again"
Trump is getting closer to a Cabinet full of yes-men
N.C. election officials sounded alarm about alleged election fraud to federal prosecutors in January 2017
Want to quit with flair? Now you can write your own Mattis-style resignation letter.
His wife was having an affair - so he stalked her and tried to frame a DHS employee
Airport: Flights at London's Gatwick Airport suspended again due to 'suspected drone sighting'
"Yemen says rebels breached truce in port city, killing 4"
UK defense chief takes Black Sea ride on Ukrainian gunboat
'Wheels down ... ready to vote no on this stupid wall': Senators reluctantly delay vacations
"Johnny Paycheck, &#8216;Take This Job and Shove It&#8217;: The Week In One Song"
"Melting Arctic ice is now pouring 14,000 tons of water per second into the ocean, scientists find"
How a drone shut down one of Europe's busiest airports
"A shocking resignation, 'a stunning embarrassment.' No, it's not a Trump official."
Pope tells abusive priests to turn themselves in
Indian opposition slams order on intercepting computer data
The Latest: UN council authorizes monitors at key Yemen port
"Nepal bus crashes in mountainous area, 21 killed and 15 hurt"
Flights suspended again at London Gatwick after drone report
Tons of dead fish wash up in Rio de Janeiro lagoon
'I thought you were supposed to win before you run for president': Trump takes a jab at potential 2020 challenger Beto O'Rourke
What does the Stockholm agreement mean for Yemen?
Democrats prepare to investigate Trump from every angle
Trump signs bipartisan criminal justice bill amid partisan rancor over stopgap spending measure
Canadian judge denies Omar Khadr eased bail conditions
21 killed in crash of Nepal bus on college botany field trip
UN council authorizes monitors for truce at key Yemen port
A blow to morale: Afghan generals worry about US withdrawal
London's Gatwick Airport says flights have resumed after temporary shutdown due to drone sighting
"Trump, Democrats show no signs of breaking impasse with shutdown hours away"
Supreme Court denies Trump administration request to immediately enforce new asylum rules
"His wife was having an affair, so he stalked her and tried to frame a DHS employee"
Smaller military presence in Afghanistan will likely focus on Trump's favored Pentagon mission: counterterrorism
OSCE confirms massive human rights violations in Chechnya
Anglican liaison at Vatican out after sex misconduct charge
Protesters in Hungary reject Orban's nationalist government
The Latest: Sweden's Skoog wants 'tangible results' in Yemen
London's Gatwick Airport plagued by drone sightings
Who will Americans blame if the government shuts down?
Pelosi told Trump he didn't have the votes in the House. So what happened?
The odds are still very small that the Senate would remove Trump from office
Hurricane refugees prepare for the holidays in their temporary motel homes
Jesus' baptism site was a closed military zone for 50 years. That's about to change.
New asylum policy could invite more illegal border crossings
"What Ronald Reagan actually said about border security - according to history, not Donald Trump"
A triple-amputee military vet's GoFundMe has raised more than $13 million for Trump's border wall
A girl in Mexico attached her Christmas list to a balloon. A man across the border found it.
Trump administration is holding record number of migrant youths
Serial killer Samuel Little sketches victim from 1972 homicide in Maryland that he confessed to
"Schools need counselors, not guns - and 6 other key things Trump's safety commission did not seriously address"
Senior Justice Dept. officials told Whitaker signing gun regulation might prompt successful challenge to his appointment
US envoy urges independent probe of German reporter's fraud
"White House, congressional leaders hold last-minute talks ahead of midnight shutdown deadline"
'He takes no ownership - that's just Trump': President eschews responsibility for a shutdown he once craved
"What will happen if the government shuts down: Late paychecks, closed museums and more"
FBI shoots down House probe's demands to clear transcripts by Christmas Eve
Federal appeals court temporarily blocks discovery in Trump emoluments lawsuit
Pope tells priests guilty of abuse that the church won't shield them: 'Hand yourself over to human justice'
Retreating ISIS army smuggled a fortune in cash and gold out of Iraq and Syria
"The Latest: Rights group praises Yemen action, wants more"
"New asylum policy comes with few details, many questions"
Canada demands China release Canadians for the first time
