Black and Latino Democratic nominees boost their ranks by merging insider organization and outside money
'Winter is coming': Allies fear Trump isn't prepared for gathering legal storm
"Trump intensifies attack on Bruce Ohr, Justice official linked to Russia dossier"
Prof. charged with murder after wife's body found in office
Puerto Rico Archdiocese files for bankruptcy amid lawsuit
Giuliani letter criticizing Romania's anti-corruption drive draws State Department attention
Child-abuse charges in New Mexico compound case dismissed after prosecutors' lapse
2 men burned to death by mob in central Mexico
"&#8216;Stop interrupting.&#8217; &#8216;Stop lying.&#8217; For 60 minutes, Andrew Cuomo debates Cynthia Nixon."
"Calif. abolishes cash bail, aiming to treat rich and poor defendants equally"
"CDC: Salmonella-tainted chicken killed 1, sickened 17"
Child-abuse charges in New Mexico compound case are dismissed after prosecutors' lapse
"Trump suggests Bruce Ohr, Justice official linked to Russia dossier, should be fired"
"California abolishes cash bail, aiming to treat rich and poor defendants equally"
Why the Jacksonville attacker was able to legally buy guns
"Salmonella-tainted chicken killed 1, sickened 17 in multi-state outbreak, CDC says"
US leaker Chelsea Manning to be barred from Australia
"Trump is blaming China for North Korea impasse, but real fault may lie closer to home"
US lawmakers urge sanctioning China officials over crackdown
No going home for many Hondurans deported back to brutality
Europe struggles to atone for its colonial evils
Beto O'Rourke's claims on African Americans and police shootings
Indian currency decree did little to root out 'black money'
Combined Koreas basketball team to play for Asian Games gold
Attack on Syrian in German city of Wismar seen as hate crime
Authorities say Chinese mosque dispute 'under control'
Resignation of once-towering Salmond leaves Scotland reeling
Swedish study notes surge in automated Twitter accounts
US lawmakers call for China sanctions over Muslim camps
Rights group sees blocked aid to Myanmar Kachin as war crime
China blames local officials for protest over mosque razing
New poll: the QAnon conspiracy movement is very unpopular
"Analysis: Trump is blaming China for North Korea impasse, but real fault may lie closer to home"
British Prime Minister May in Kenya to boost economic ties
Indian police arrest monk suspected of abusing children
Moscow says Lavrov-Pompeo meeting next month in the works
Pakistan blocks Islamist march against Dutch cartoon contest
What do shifting grass-roots dynamics tell us about the Zimbabwe election?
Report: Panasonic to move European headquarters out of UK
China says no plans to deploy troops to Afghanistan
Russia to hold Mediterranean drills as Syria tensions rise
Macron says Europe's security architecture must be rethought
Ex-Bosnian Serb official sentenced for war crimes
Democrats and Republicans used to agree about the n-word. Now they don&#8217;t.
McCain's choices for days of tributes deliver a symbolic final rebuke to Trump
Bob Costas and NBC are in talks to end a decades-long partnership
Aretha&#8217;s last ride: The vintage hearse that carried Rosa Parks will now bear the Queen of Soul
Former Texas police officer sentenced to 15 years in prison for fatally shooting teen
Giuliani says he advised Romania as a 'private citizen' to rein in its fight against corruption That's not how many Romanians see it.
Court extends detention of Cambodian opposition leader
Congo rebel on trial at ICC denies involvement in atrocities
Germany: Saxony governor visits city shaken by protests
"Trump says daughter, son-in-law played no role in departure of White House counsel McGahn"
Lindsey Graham says the way Trump handled McCain's death was 'disturbing'
The Cybersecurity 202: President Trump is wrong about the way Chinese hackers target Americans
Charges in New Mexico compound case dismissed after prosecutors' lapse
Trump set to tap centrist to head EPA's chemical safety office
'Ain't nobody been locked up. And they ain't trying to solve nothing.'
"Detroit public schools shut off drinking water because of &#8216;elevated levels&#8217; of lead, copper"
"Filmmaker tries to bridge cultural divide between Japan, U.S. over whale, dolphin hunting"
17 killed as Ethiopian military helicopter crashes
Norman grows into Category 4 hurricane in Pacific
Pope's No. 2 says Francis 'serene' despite cover-up claims
"Ethiopian military plane crashes, killing 17 including children, state news agency says"
The Daily 202: Cuomo's attacks on Cynthia Nixon in testy debate betray the fears of the Democratic establishment
Did Trump just admit that he tried to fire Mueller and Sessions?
Ron DeSantis's campaign claims it's 'absurd' to say 'monkey' is a racial dog whistle. It's not.
"'No one famous lived here,' but the old stone house on the Mall has endured"
Is Giuliani's attack on anti-corruption measures the opinion of a 'private citizen'? Romanians don't think so.
What &#8216;Operation Finale&#8217; gets wrong about the hunt for Nazi monster Adolf Eichmann
Mother of Moroccan teen shocked by reported torture drama
Injured Ugandan lawmaker prevented from traveling abroad
Pakistanis to rally in capital against Dutch cartoon contest
IAEA says Iran continues to meet nuclear obligations
"IAEA says Iran remains in compliance with nuclear deal, providing access to all sites"
Britain's May in Kenya to boost economic ties amid Brexit
Justice Dept. criticizes Harvard in affirmative action case
Death row inmates ask for execution by firing squad to avoid 'torturous' drug cocktail
Philippines tells Filipinos to brace for Malaysian crackdown
US-flagged yacht with 71 migrants stopped in Greek waters
TV cameraman shot dead in Cancun
Panasonic to move European headquarters out of UK
Hungary summons Swedish ambassador over migration criticism
A 'bootstraps' story like no other: Kyrsten Sinema lived in a shuttered country store and gas station. Now she's running for Senate.
Florida gubernatorial hopefuls spar for a second day over the meaning of 'monkey this up'
Justice Department criticizes Harvard in affirmative action case
Rights groups alarmed over Thai detention of asylum seekers
Egypt looks to repatriate bodies of 2 Britons next week
Poland's leader wants top court head to go amid controversy
Hundreds protest in India against arrest of rights activists
UN Syria envoy floats idea of evacuating Idlib civilians
"Biden, Larry Fitzgerald to deliver tributes to John McCain at Phoenix memorial service"
Why are Republicans hesitating on naming a Senate building after John McCain?
The White House is looking for 'negative trends' on marijuana. We've got them.
Millions of Venezuelans are fleeing to Latin American cities. The region may never be the same.
Council worker admits defrauding London fire survivor fund
Police say Sara Netanyahu suspect in Israel corruption case
"UK Labour Party lawmaker quits, alleging anti-Semitism"
Roof of 16th century church collapses in Roman Forum
Philippine navy ship runs aground in disputed waters
Twitter will begin labeling political ads about issues such as immigration
Stephen Colbert defends Jimmy Fallon&#8217;s Trump hair tousle: &#8216;I think it's highly overblown&#8217;
"Inspired by 'Trump Baby,' protesters will fly a new blimp of London's mayor in a bikini"
"UN says 120,000 suspected cases of cholera in Yemen"
Nigeria presidential race sparks to life; Senate leader runs
Court quashes Canada's approval of pipeline
Trump seeks to freeze pay in 2019 for federal workers
"Biden, Larry Fitzgerald deliver tributes to John McCain at Phoenix memorial service"
Pence praises McCain in speech to veterans group upset by Trump's failure to keep flags lowered
Former officer in Texas sentenced to 15 years in prison for killing teen
"Look, President Trump, at who&#8217;s using your &#8216;enemy of the people&#8217; rhetoric"
How energy companies set off earthquakes miles away from their waste dumps
Republican lawmakers in this U.S. territory just voted to legalize marijuana
U.N. watchdog says Iran continues to comply with nuclear restrictions despite U.S. pullout
"In awkward news conference, Kenyan president forgets Boris Johnson's name, calls him 'bicycle guy'"
"Veteran AP reporter, editor Bob Barr dies at age 71"
Dutch anti-Islam lawmaker cancels Prophet Muhammad cartoon contest that sparked Pakistan protests
Egypt to host war games with US for second straight year
Canada court halts Pacific pipeline in blow to Trudeau
Trump declared the economy the 'best ... EVER.' Now he says federal employees won't get raises because of economic problems.
"Beto O&#8217;Rourke&#8217;s rock-star status is cemented by Texas GOP, handing Dems an icon they desperately need"
"In 'classic stand-your-ground case,' Fla. sheriff says, an Uber driver killed a man threatening him"
Climate change could render many of Earth's ecosystems unrecognizable
"In 'classic stand-your-ground case,' Fla. sheriff says an Uber driver killed a man threatening him"
Convicted leaker Reality Winner thanks Trump after he calls her sentence 'so unfair'
"When the crime victim is an animal, this lab is on the case"
"In Germany's Chemnitz, extremists exploit a killing to take aim at refugees"
A final Syrian showdown looms. Millions of lives are at risk. Here are the stakes.
Busy Toronto mall evacuated after gunshots
Dutch anti-Islam lawmaker cancels Prophet cartoon contest
"German protesters voice anger at migrant crime, politicians"
France proposes sanctions against Mali peace deal spoilers
"Ugandan pop star-turned-opposition figure blocked from leaving for United States, lawyer says"
Trump's reported disdain for Sessions's Southern accent is hard to square
Trump declared the economy the best 'EVER.' Now he says federal employees won't get raises because of economic problems.
Mexico's Acapulco in health emergency over uncollected trash
China rejects US lawmakers' sanctions call over Muslim camps
Harrowing account of tortured teen sparks outcry in Morocco
UN: Cease-fire violations may spark Lebanon-Israel conflict
Brazil president: closing Venezuela border 'unthinkable'
Supreme Court won't get involved in foster-care dispute over gay couples
Justice Department criticizes Harvard admissions in case alleging bias against Asian Americans
"Trump&#8217;s evangelical advisory board violates the law, advocacy group argues in new filing"
The new American weather model shone during Hurricane Lane
"A teenager's account of being kidnapped, raped and branded sparks uproar in Morocco"
Homeland Security staffer with white nationalist ties attended White House policy meetings
Trial starts of Puerto Rico woman accused of murder for hire
Ukraine: Ex-premier Tymoshenko announces presidential run
"Veteran AP reporter, editor Robert Barr dies at age 71"
Uganda opposition pop star blocked from flying to US for aid
Former Nixon counsel John Dean to be witness opposed to Kavanaugh nomination to Supreme Court
"A Republican breaks with Trump on the &#8216;space force&#8217; &#8212; in private, at first"
Republicans drill Kavanaugh in mock hearings in preparation for real questioning
"As Trump faithful gather for Indiana rally, no love lost for McCain"
U.N. watchdog says Iran still complying with nuclear deal despite U.S. pullout
Democratic lawmakers call for hearings into denial of passports to Americans
"Anger at migrant crime, politicians simmers in German city"
'Totally dishonest': Trump asserts only he can be trusted over opponents and 'fake news'
'All politics is personal': Biden recalls his bond with McCain in a bipartisan time
AP Photos: No going home for Hondurans deported to brutality
"Mexican experts: nearly 1,000-year-old Maya text authentic"
