"Trump rallies in Mich., touting economy and diplomacy and blasting media"
"Blasted limbs, broken dreams"
Hacked messages show Qatar appearing to pay at least $275 million to free royal hostages and others
Security Council team meets Rohingya refugees in Bangladesh
Analysis: Korea summit puts nuclear ball in Trump's court
Nine members of Congress have lost their jobs over sex in six months
They thought Georgetown University's missing slaves were 'lost.' The truth was closer to home than anyone knew.
Here's what it takes to whiten teeth
Should parents bank a newborn's umbilical cord blood? It's complicated.
Does your pooch really need Prozac?
Boy whose parents fought to keep life support mourned in UK
The Latest: US may tell asylum-seekers to wait in Mexico
Budding scientists try to revive Virginia's once-thriving brook trout
These are the industries Trump should protect from China if he wants to win elections
"N. Korea to close nuke test site in May, unify time zone"
Seoul: N. Korean leader Kim Jong Un says Trump will get to know he's 'not a person' to aim missiles at US
Seoul says North Korea plans to match time zones with South Korea
"Seoul says North Korea plans to shut nuclear testing site in May and reveal process to S. Korean, US experts, reporters"
Senate Democrats question the role of a former for-profit college lobbyist at the Education Department
"Fruit's pungent smell mistaken for gas leak, prompts panic"
Statue honoring WWII sex slaves removed in Philippines
"Pompeo, in Saudi Arabia, talks tough on Iran, Gulf dispute"
Central Americans will seek asylum at southern US border
The Latest: Seoul says Kim wants to normalize Japan ties
Rohingya refugees welcome UN team in Bangladesh
"Afghan children set off unexploded mortar round, 3 dead"
"Iraq's IS trials bring swift verdicts, almost all guilty"
Lebanese expats vote in parliamentary elections
UN team in Bangladesh pledges to work to end Rohingya crisis
Philippines makes ban on workers going to Kuwait permanent
UK vows 'humane' immigration policy as scandal grows
Trump finally hosts African leader at the White House
A tumor growing on her baby's heart forced a pregnant mom to make a terrifying choice
"North Korea wants outsiders to observe closure of its nuclear test site, South says"
Lord Mountbatten was killed by terrorists. Now he's a royal baby's namesake.
Pope decries attack on church in Nigeria that killed 15
The leader of Armenia's surging protests meets the president
Londoners warned of health threat from toxic caterpillars
Austria's OMV signs $1.5B deal for stakes in Abu Dhabi oil
Pompeo says Kim Jong Un doesn't care if U.S. leaves Iran deal
The brother of infamous Toronto mayor Rob Ford is running for office - and he sounds a lot like Trump
Iran confirms arrest of British-Iranian professor
Seoul: North Korea's Kim vows to shut nuke test site in May
UK vows to have 'humane' immigration policy as scandal grows
Syrian troops capture 4 villages east of Euphrates river
Chile victims of clergy sex abuse praise talks with pope
"Michelle Wolf's caustic comedy routine at the White House correspondents' dinner, annotated"
"Tunisian police, military vote in local races for 1st time"
Fire breaks out at building site of new Egyptian museum
Top White House official suggests the administration won't offer early sanctions relief to North Korea
"On maiden voyage, Pompeo heads to Israel for talks on Iran"
Merkel: Europe will push back if hit with trade tariffs
Italian region votes as political leaders spar over future
The Latest: Pompeo meets with Israeli PM on Mideast trip
"Stormy Daniels attorney predicts Michael Cohen will 'flip,' cooperate with federal prosecutors"
Former military dictator of Bolivia dies
The Latest: Pompeo offers strong boost of support for Israel
"An off-duty officer in Arkansas was killed after a stray bullet struck his home, police say"
Comey calls House Intelligence Committee's Russia investigation 'a wreck'
Armenia protest leader seeks president's backing to be PM
The Latest: US reacts coolly to North Korea on weapons
Syrian troops briefly take villages east of Euphrates river
Pompeo: US stands 'with Israel' in fight against Iran
Seoul: Kim says he'll give up nukes if US vows not to attack
Fears of a gas leak forced an evacuation at a Melbourne university. It was a durian.
Pompeo says U.S. is with Israel in fight against Iran
Salah furious over image rights dispute with soccer body
The Latest: Caravan of asylum seekers head to border rally
Thousands turn out in support of popular Pakistani lawmaker
"At end of migrant caravan, families fear what lies next"
"North Korea promises to dismantle its nuclear test site in public view, South says"
Buses carrying Central American migrants roll to US border
Japan PM Abe arrives in UAE on Middle East trip
The Latest: Central American asylum seeker feels confident
A woman was sexually assaulted by 5 men. A Spanish court says it's not rape.
The Latest: Caravan of migrants prepares to seek US asylum
"Pompeo says US stands with Israelis, Saudis against Iran"
"In governors races, candidates battle over what the Democratic Party stands for"
'He killed my deputy': Man arrested using handcuffs of Maine officer he's accused of shooting
Some people do better exercising at a low-intensity pace
A tumor growing on her baby's heart forced this pregnant mom to make a terrifying choice
"Hundreds evacuated a college library, fearing a gas leak. It was a durian."
"Scores of Palestinian protesters have been shot in their legs, and some face amputation"
The Latest: Migrants get last briefing before seeking asylum
The Latest: Pompeo says US stands with allies again Iran
North Korea offers to give up nukes if US vows not to attack
Israeli says 3 Palestinian infiltrators from Gaza killed
"In governors' races, candidates battle over what the Democratic Party stands for"
A Yellowstone geyser has experienced unusual eruptions lately - and scientists can't explain why
Inquiry reveals seamy banking practices in Australia - like charging dead people for financial advice
The Latest: Pompeo says US stands with allies against Iran
UK interior minister quits over growing immigration scandal
The Latest: UK minister resigns over immigration scandal
UK accepts interior minister's resignation over immigration scandal
The Latest: Nearly 200 to seek asylum at US-Mexico border
The NRA said guns will be banned during a Pence speech. Parkland students see hypocrisy.
The Trump administration vs. the caravan: Here's what you need to know
"An off-duty Arkansas officer was killed after a stray bullet struck his home, police say"
He walked along an Israeli beach as far as Gaza. Then he vanished.
"Syrian TV reports ""new aggression,"" missiles targeting military outposts in northern Syria"
The Latest: Lawyer for migrant caravan: US failed to prepare
Officials: Border crossing is full; migrant caravan to wait
"'Ready, shoot, aim': President Trump's loyalty tests cause hiring headaches"
Deer in Oregon are walking around with arrows stuck in them. Police want to find the culprit.
US says crossing is full before caravan tries to seek asylum
The Latest: Caravan of migrants arrives at border crossing
The Latest: Syrian TV says missiles targeted military posts
