"Pornography is a 'root cause' of school shootings, Republican congresswoman says"
'Active Shooter' video game let players shoot up a school. Parkland parents were horrified.
Trump's 'zero tolerance' at the border is causing child shelters to fill up fast
A doctor removed her ovaries because they were 'in the way.' Her family says it led to her death.
"Trump ties Republican midterm strategy to immigration, claims Mexico will pay for border wall"
"Maria death count in Puerto Rico far too low, says study that found thousands died"
U.N. urges Syria to allow aid to 2 million in desperate need
"Russia criticized at UN over Ukraine conflict, Crimea, crash"
Suicide car bomber kills 2 police officials in Afghanistan
"A stone crushed a man fleeing a volcano. Archaeologists just found his 2,000-year-old remains."
Budget airline AirAsia denies paying bribes for India slots
"Suicide car bomber kills 3 police, wounds 12 in Afghanistan"
The world learns to live with Assad in Syria
Gaza's Hamas rulers say cease-fire reached with Israel
"Police clear out migrant camp in Paris housing up to 1,500"
Top NKorean official arrives at Beijing airport on way to NY
"Pakistan, India agree to stop exchanging fire in Kashmir"
"Pakistan, India agree to stop exchanging fire in Kashmir, implement 2003 cease-fire deal"
Russia says Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov is going to North Korea for talks on Thursday.
PM says Malaysia regrets having to end 4-year hunt for plane
N. Korean official's US visit reminiscent of 2000 diplomacy
Top N. Korean official departs for meeting with US officials
"Fact-checking immigration spin on separating families and 1,500 'lost' children"
The world learns to live with Assad maintaining his grip in Syria
"Paris police clear out migrant camp housing up to 1,500"
Belgian shooter killed 4th person before attack: minister
Mahathir says Malaysia regrets having to end hunt for plane
Belgian interior minister says Liege shooter killed fourth person day before attack
The Latest: Russian foreign minister to head to North Korea
Israel and Palestinian trade fire on Gaza border amid cease-fire talk
"Pakistan, India agree to stop trading fire in Kashmir"
"Winds, rain and lightning kill 38 in India"
Gunmen kill anti-Taliban Sikh activist in Pakistan
Top North Korean official heads to US for pre-summit talks
"Explosions, gunfire heard near Afghan Interior Ministry"
New Catalan Cabinet in line to end 7-month power vacuum
The FBI blunder on phone encryption explained
Ex-Yugoslav spies lose appeal against conviction in Germany
The Latest: Prosecutor: Belgium gunman shouted Allahu akbar
Belgian federal prosecutor says Liege attacker shouted 'Allahu akbar' several times during shooting spree that killed 3
"Zimbabwe to have elections on July 30, says president"
Federal prosecutors poised to get more than 1 million files seized from Michael Cohen's phones
Israel and Palestinians trade fire on Gaza border amid cease-fire talk
"10 beheaded in rural Mozambique attack, police say"
Afghan officials say attack on ministry was repelled
"Belgium shooting rampage was terrorist act, prosecutors say"
"Ahead of summit with Kim Jong Un, Trump has lots of options"
Palestinians in Lebanon fear US cuts could close UN schools
Eric Greitens used Trump's playbook to try to beat scandal. It didn't work.
Will 2018's 'pink wave' of female candidates make it in Congress? Almost certainly. Here's how.
"The FBI blunder on phone encryption, explained"
The 'Active Shooter' video game horrified Parkland parents. It was pulled prior to release.
'Please don't come': Tourists turned away from India's famed hill resort as water dries up
South Korean boy band BTS makes history: First K-pop group to top U.S. Billboard 200 chart
Dutch prosecutors ask judge to outlaw Hells Angels
Italy mulls new gov't solution to calm financial turmoil
"Korean unity at Vatican? Not so fast, but pope cheers anyway"
Malaysia's leader expresses regret over ending MH370 search
Philippines say it protested China 'harassment' of navy boat
The Health 202: Why Hurricane Maria killed not dozens but thousands of Puerto Ricans
The Finance 202: White House offers mixed messages with latest about-face on tariffs
This is what's really happening to kids at the border
The Energy 202: Lowe's moves before EPA to pull deadly paint strippers from shelves
The Cybersecurity 202: White House cybersecurity report shows federal agencies still struggling to get secure
"Kremlin critic briefly arrested in Madrid on Russian warrant, then released"
France's headscarf debate focuses on a Muslim student leader
Families used to be split up in East Germany too. It caused life-long trauma.
Gunmen attack Afghan Interior Ministry; Taliban commanders reported killed
China cuts import duties on some consumer goods
Philippine chief justice appeals ouster from Supreme Court
Paris police clear out migrant camp at center of debate
Macedonia: Any new country name to be put to a referendum
The Latest: Belgians honor victims of Liege attack
The Daily 202: Romney threads the needle on Trump in Utah Senate debate
Trump again expresses regret for choosing Jeff Sessions as attorney general
The Trump obstruction of justice probe is bigger than we realized
Why Hurricane Maria killed not dozens but thousands of Puerto Ricans
Today's WorldViews: The world learns to live with Assad maintaining his grip in Syria
"Kremlin critic arrested in Madrid on Russian warrant, then released"
"U.S.-North Korea differences over denuclearization remain 'significant,' South Korean official says"
"Families used to be split up in East Germany, too. It caused lifelong trauma."
Survivors of Grenfell Tower inferno offer heartfelt tributes
Intruder arrested after scaling scaffolding at UK Parliament
IS claims suicide bombing at Afghan ministry in Kabul
Weather whiplash: Midwest catapults from coldest April to hottest May on record; Minneapolis notches earliest 100.
"Kremlin critic briefly held in Madrid on Russian warrant, then released"
"For some French officials, the headscarf is such a threat they are attacking a teenager"
The Latest: Ukraine faked death of Russian journalist
Afghan forces repel Islamic State attack at Kabul ministry
5 injured in UN small plane accident in remote Congo
"Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko, who was reported killed in Kiev, shows up at a news conference in Ukraine."
Germany's Merkel arrives in Portugal with EU on agenda
"Roseanne Barr wasn't so Trump-like, after all"
Trey Gowdy's total rebuke of Trump's 'spying' narrative - and the pattern it fits
This mock pandemic killed 150 million people. Next time it might not be a drill.
"Storm triggers flash floods, landslides and almost caused a dam to fail"
Russian journalist who was reportedly killed Tuesday shows up alive at news conference Wednesday
Kremlin critic Bill Browder briefly held in Madrid on Russian arrest warrant
Italy mulls new government solution to calm market turmoil
'No mercy for the thieves' in Kenya graft scandal: President
Yemeni pro-government forces prepare for assault on key port
The Latest: Ukraine alleges Russia paid $40K for death plot
Pakistani military: Roadside bombing kills 2 soldiers
"A day after Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens's resignation announcement, some felony charges against him are dismissed"
Trump was asked to respond to Roseanne's racist tweets. He made the incident about himself.
Robert Mueller's obstruction of justice probe is bigger than we realized
"Suicide bombers, gunmen storm Afghan Interior Ministry; at least 1 dead in battle that lasts two hours"
Correction: Ukraine-Journalist Killed story
The Latest: US general: Taliban may be behind Kabul attack
UN says people disappearing in northern Mexico border city
Trump's Roseanne tweet downplays racism - again
More than 20 nighttime explosions have rocked rural Pennsylvania since April. No one knows why.
Scientists finally find the 240-million-year-old 'mother of all lizards'
Storm in North Carolina triggers flash floods and landslides - and almost caused a dam to fail
"After 24-hour flare-up, uneasy calm returns to Gaza and southern Israel"
Top North Korean official meets American counterpart in a meeting shrouded in secrecy
"'I'm alive': Russian reporter, Ukraine police faked killing"
UN envoy urges Iraqi leaders to form an inclusive government
Adviser to Iran's top leader pushes uranium enrichment
Journalist joins ranks of stranger-than-fiction faked deaths
Setback for outgoing Paraguay president's Senate aspirations
"Judge sets endpoint for review of seized Cohen files, rebukes Avenatti's 'publicity tour'"
Trump publicly praises Indiana Democrat he recently attacked as 'Sleepin' Joe'
Africa's next civil war could be in Cameroon
Italy's populists get another chance to form government
Venezuela presidential challenger demands new election
"Bolivian cardinal-elect denies having secret wife, children"
Trump's Roseanne response downplays the significance of racism - again
"Mediterranean children stopped eating the Mediterranean diet, and they now have the highest obesity rates in Europe"
"New Malaysian government steps back from spending, Chinese projects"
A fierce Kremlin critic who was reportedly killed Tuesday shows up alive on Wednesday
The Latest: Islamic State group claims deadly Belgium attack
Report: UAE activist sentenced to 10 years for online posts
Islamic State group claims the man who killed 4 people in the Belgian city of Liege was a 'soldier of the caliphate'
Biz leaders urge early elections to resolve Nicaragua crisis
The 'Active Shooter' video game horrified Parkland parents. It was pulled before release.
"Going home to El Salvador, as the American dream slips away"
Top North Korean official meets U.S. counterpart in a meeting shrouded in secrecy
Italy's political crisis is a gut punch to Europe
Business leaders urge early vote to resolve Nicaragua crisis
'Slain' Russian journalist turns up alive at news conference
Gaza truce brings little relief to volatile situation
Rival of Venezuela President Maduro demands new election
'Nothing that could be more terrifying': Sarah Sanders chokes up when boy asks her about school shootings
Sanders gave an emotional non-answer to a child reporter who asked about guns in schools
Avenatti demands the release of 'Trump tapes' that may not involve Trump - and may not exist
"Storm triggers flash floods, landslides and almost causes a dam to fail"
12-year-old girl dies after she was accidentally shot in the head during target practice
U.N. says Mexico's security forces likely behind disappearances of people along the border
Killings by Belgian inmate treated as terror; IS claims role
Dutch police shoot man reportedly waving ax on balcony
"German police: 1 dead, 2 injured in knife attack on train"
"In Southern California, Democrats play the blame game as House races loom"
"Trump tweets regret for picking Jeff Sessions, but advisers say he's unlikely to fire him"
"Colorectal cancer screening should start at age 45, not 50, American Cancer Society says"
Satanic Temple alleges Twitter account suspension was religious discrimination
This 9-year-old came to the U.S. alone long before the #WhereAreTheChildren outrage
It's not every day you see a tropical depression over Indiana - but here it is
Here's why this North Carolina dam was at risk of 'imminent failure' Wednesday morning
"Reported killing of Russian journalist was a ruse to foil a real plot against his life, Ukrainian security chief says"
Hungary's 'Stop Soros' bill suggests jail time for those who help migrants
The Latest: Even journalist's wife led to think he was dead
UN envoy: Gaza escalation shows we are on the 'brink of war'
U.N. says Mexico's security forces are likely behind disappearances of people along the border
'Lost' migrant children? Statistics show the government is keeping more of them far longer.
"Top North Korean official meets American counterpart, shrouded in secrecy"
