Congressional negotiators reach deal on $1.3 trillion spending bill ahead of Friday government shutdown deadline
Republican Rick Saccone concedes defeat to Conor Lamb in Pennsylvania special election
Tempe police release video of moments before autonomous Uber hits pedestrian
Bill targeting sites that host sex traffickers heads to White House
Longtime AIDS researcher Robert Redfield picked to lead CDC
Woman dies after 'acupuncture' session that used live bees instead of needles
Cambridge Analytica CEO's claim about role in Trump's campaign raises questions
"Sessions lawyer denies attorney general under investigation for lying to Congress, but hints Mueller was interested in topic"
The Latest: Venezuelans revel at Peru president's woes
IS suicide bomber kills 33 as Afghans celebrate new year
What's next for Peru after president's resignation offer?
Trump's attorneys say they will appeal while women's rights lawyers raise money for the president's accusers
House approves 'right-to-try' bill giving seriously ill patients access to experimental drugs
'It's taken partisanship to a place it's never been.' Inside the House Intelligence Committee
"Police shot a man 20 times in his back yard, thinking he had a gun. It was a cellphone."
Tempe police release video of moments before autonomous Uber hit pedestrian
Compromise deal to expand veterans health care left out of Trump's budget
2 US tourists die in helicopter crash on Great Barrier Reef
'It's taken partisanship to a place it's never been.' Inside the House Intelligence Committee.
"Maldives' ex-dictator, top justice to be held through trial"
Peru president undone by corruption scandals he vowed to end
30 treated for exposure as Indonesian volcano belches fumes
Here's what Congress is stuffing into its $1.3 trillion spending bill
"Police shot at a man 20 times in his back yard, thinking he had a gun. It was a cellphone."
The scary truth that Cambridge Analytica understands
Report: Turkmenistan border guards kill 2 Iranian fishermen
Malaysia police deny prejudice against Kim murder suspects
Pakistani troops foil suicide attack on convoy in southwest
13 holiday hikers rescued from snowy Tokyo mountain
US-funded counterterrorism training center opens in Jordan
Report: Famed Iranian philosopher Shayegan dies at age 83
China networks merger seen as party bid to control message
"18 dead as Thai tour bus loses control, crashes off road"
30 treated for gas exposure as Indonesia volcano belches
Maldives leader lifts 45-day state of emergency
Turkey's key media group to be sold to pro-Erdogan business
French ex-leader Sarkozy says he is accused without evidence
Syrian rebels to leave key town in eastern Ghouta enclave
Here's what you can expect from Putin's next 6 years
Skulduggery in Pakistan's Senate races sets stage for chaotic general election
May to seek stand against Russia at EU summit
Philippine police kill 13 drug suspects in daylong raids
"UN: Conflict, drought bring 'acute' hunger to 124 million"
Two-thirds of Americans say Trump is a bad role model for children. That's still better than Bill Clinton.
Joe Biden talked about beating up Donald Trump - again. The president is not impressed.
How election forecasts confuse Americans - and may lead them not to vote at all
'Trump blew it': The president missed his best chance yet to get funding for his border wall
"How Cambridge Analytica's 'ticking time bomb' blew up, and 5 other stories you might have missed"
Spanish gov't rejects latest plan to elect Catalan leader
"5 Indian forces, 5 rebels killed in Kashmir fighting"
Kremlin calls UK official's statement 'disgusting'
6 dead in chemical factory explosion in Czech Republic
"Official says an explosion in a chemical plant in the Czech Republic has killed 6 people, injured others"
The White House's false choices on Putin and Russia
"Police shot at a man 20 times in his own yard, thinking he had a gun. It was an iPhone."
The U.S. military wants more plutonium triggers for nuclear warheads
Fatal crash with self-driving car was a first - like Bridget Driscoll's was 121 years ago with one of the first cars
Underground Railroad refuge for hundreds of slaves discovered in Philadelphia
"YouTube bans more firearms videos, days before national rally for gun control"
From iconic to ironic: Britain's new post-Brexit passports to be made by Franco-Dutch company
UK's May to seek united stand against Russia at EU summit
Deadly two-day operation against rebels concludes in Kashmir
Turkey targets Kurdish militants in northern Iraq
German minister: US trade officials 'open to our arguments'
President appoints new government amid slain reporter crisis
The Health 202: This abortion fight derailed a bipartisan Obamacare fix in spending bill
The Finance 202: Zuckerberg could use some advice from Washington's crisis handlers
The Daily 202: Winners and losers in the spending bill
Mississippi's open Senate seat has an awfully familiar story
Trump and Biden are both openly fantasizing about who would win in a fistfight
'Utterly disgusting': Kremlin blasts Britain's Boris Johnson for comparing Russian World Cup to Nazi Olympics
Fewer tourists are visiting the U.S. under Trump. Canadians didn't get the memo.
The Latest: UK rate hike in May more likely amid Brexit deal
Ukrainian lawmaker stripped of immunity on coup charges
"Russia's ambassador to UK says Britain can't be trusted, has history of violating international law"
Police: Man jumps from public gallery in Dutch parliament
One problem with regulating Facebook: The people doing the regulating would be Congress
The Energy 202: Energy and environment programs escape Trump's ax in spending deal
Mississippi's open Senate race features an awfully familiar story
Is the government going to shut down Friday? It doesn't look like it.
The problem with Trump's simplistic view of Putin
Britain voted to leave Europe. Now France might be making its new passports.
Mixed picture for populist Wilders in Dutch local elections
Court denies request from Pakistan's Sharif to travel abroad
The Latest: Turkey PM says 3 soldiers killed in Afrin blast
Greek minister heads to Macedonia to discuss name dispute
Cambodia rejects joint statement of human rights concern
The Latest: Lithuania leader eyes expelling Russian envoys
House prepares for rapid vote today on jam-packed $1.3 trillion spending deal
"French rail workers, air traffic controllers strike in protest of Macron labor plans"
"Strikes in France disrupt rail, air service in opening shot against Macron's labor plans"
"Even after Brexit, the U.K. will rely on Europe to print its passports"
"More Canadians are coming to Trump's America, despite an overall decline in tourism"
UK's May urges EU unity against Russia as Kremlin slams UK
"At least 9 dead, several hurt in car bomb in Somali capital"
"Rare, endangered primate is born in Jerusalem zoo"
S. Korean court issues arrest warrant for ex-President Lee
South Korean court approves arrest warrant for ex-President Lee Myung-bak in corruption scandal
Trump attorney John Dowd resigns amid shake-up in president's legal team
Fox News thinks that Trump - and Hannity - could probably beat up Biden
House panel votes to approve GOP report finding no collusion between Trump and Russia
Israel finally admitted it destroyed a Syrian reactor in 2007 - and set off a battle of egos
Canadian tourists still can't get enough of America
The Latest: Putin convenes security advisers over UK dispute
Journalist killed in Mexico's Gulf coast state of Veracruz
The Latest: Spanish judge keeps separatists in detention
Peru's congress set to weigh president's resignation
Father says 5 of the Nigeria girls still missing are dead
Trump's often-messy legal team is looking even messier
Biden vs. Trump: Who ya got?
This woman donated her embryos after a fertility clinic malfunction. The response astonished her.
Livid protesters chuck snowballs at Russian official
"E.U., Brazil, South Korea and others get temporary exemptions from Trump's steel tariffs"
"Nigeria's president says 1 schoolgirl still a Boko Haram captive, 'will not be abandoned'"
The Latest: Judge OKs drawing blood from nerve agent victims
"At least 14 dead, several hurt in car bomb in Somali capital"
The Latest: Catalonia lawmakers convene to vote on president
"Author of ""The Dictator Pope"" suspended as Knight of Malta"
Biden vs. Trump: How low can you go?
Police shootings of unarmed black people have not ended. But top-level political conversations about them have.
House approves jam-packed $1.3 trillion spending bill
"Even after Brexit, the United Kingdom will rely on Europe to print its passports"
Spending bill targets U.S. troops using government charge cards in strip clubs and casinos
The 'hygge' trend took America by storm. Just don't try to translate it.
Protesters livid about noxious landfill chuck snowballs at Russian official
The Latest: Exposed officer released from Salisbury hospital
UK hospital officials say police officer injured in nerve agent attack has been discharged from the hospital
Syrian rebels begin evacuating town in Ghouta enclave
The Latest: Catalan candidate pledges dialogue with Madrid
The Latest: Judge may bar president from leaving Peru
"This spending bill is probably the last major piece of legislation Congress will pass all year. Also, it's only March."
"All the ways Trump's campaign was aided by Facebook, ranked by importance"
Rex Tillerson takes an apparent parting shot at Trump
American tourists killed in helicopter crash near Australia's Great Barrier Reef
Police spent days excavating a hoarder's cottage - then found the owner's body
Tillerson bids farewell to a 'mean spirited town'
Brazilian prosecutors to investigate Cambridge Analytica
Mexican presidential front-runner would review oil contracts
Lone Nigerian captive refused to convert for Boko Haram
UK's May seeks united EU against Russia over spy poisoning
The Latest: US officials visit north Syrian town of Manbij
Republicans oppose Trump's death-penalty-for-dealers plan - and don't think it would work
"Airline crew member tried to smuggle $160,000 worth of cocaine in his pants, prosecutors say"
"Trump's wall doesn't rank among border agents' top priorities, Democrats say"
Tillerson bids farewell to a 'mean-spirited town'
The Latest: Group concerned about missing reporter in Syria
Brazil's top court weighs letting Lula remain free on appeal
Kenyan court rules forced anal exams as gay test unlawful
Stormy Daniels and Karen McDougal are talking to one reporter: Anderson Cooper
"Stormy Daniels's attorneys ask the Trump Organization, banks to preserve records"
"DCCC adds black candidates to 'Red to Blue,' then gets hit for not backing women"
This professor says the workplace is the fifth leading cause of death in the U.S.
Austin bomber: 'Challenged young man' or 'terrorist'?
Defeated rebels begin leaving enclave near Syrian capital
UN chief: Global water crisis has widespread impact
French ex-leader Sarkozy decries 'mad allegations'
"'Read that bill,' some Republicans now shout at the their own party"
Wild horses escape the chopping block in spending bill
Energy Secretary Rick Perry promises more triggers for nuclear weapons
"The corruption scandal that's ensnared not one, but three Peruvian presidents"
Allegations of skulduggery in Pakistan's Senate races set stage for chaotic general election
The Latest: Pro-independence pick loses Catalan election
Expert: No sign of foul play in US youth's death in Bermuda
Judge may consider barring Peru leader from leaving country
US will have role in Afghan reconciliation with Taliban
Trump names former ambassador John Bolton as his new national security adviser
"House committee subpoenas Justice Department for Clinton, Carter Page and McCabe records"
"Stocks are down for the year, which is most worrisome to the richest Americans"
Most Americans say Trump is not a good role model for children. But he's still winning 'family values' voters.
Catalan separatists fail to elect leader of Spanish region
EU leaders back Britain in blaming Russia over spy poisoning
The Latest: EU leaders back UK in blaming Russia for attack
"Former Playboy model on alleged affair with Trump: 'After we had been intimate, he tried to pay me'"
"Spending deal marks end of immigration debate for year, kicks off new round of blame game"
Two Illinois Democrats ordered to pay Treasury following congressional ethics probes
Rep. Kevin Cramer's son Isaac dies at age 35
"E.U. and others get exemptions from Trump's steel tariffs, for now"
Helicopter crash near Australia's Great Barrier Reef kills American tourists
Strikes in France disrupt travel as workers protest Macron's labor plans
The Latest: EU backs Britain against Russia over spy attack
The Latest: Maduro celebrates impending fall of Peru leader
Brazil's top court gives temporary jail relief for Lula
UN chief warns of widespread ills from global water crisis
