"After arrest of undocumented immigrant in Mollie Tibbetts case, Iowa town tries to escape the inescapable: politics"
"Thief in Mexico tries to steal hearse, with body inside."
Blasts from area of military airport shake Syrian capital
Why you might soon undergo a body scan to ride the train or bus
Brazil leftist party insists on banned candidate da Silva
Hope and caution in North Korea as Kim Jong Un shifts gears
"Helicopter crashes in northern Afghanistan, killing 3"
They fled violence in Nicaragua by the thousands. What awaits them in Costa Rica?
US general assumes NATO command in Afghanistan
China police detain 46 after violent protest over schooling
Rights group: Strike on bus in Yemen is apparent war crime
Suicide car bombing in Somalia's capital kills at least 3
"Ebola survivors returning home to fear, stigma in Congo"
"Foreign minister to Germans: get off the couch, fight racism"
Dutch police still questioning Amsterdam stabbing suspect
Suicide car bombing in Somalia's capital kills at least 6
Ukrainian city honors Jews on Holocaust anniversary
Former chief rabbi warns of 'existential threat' to UK Jews
The Latest: Pope seeks talks to avert Syria 'catastrophe'
War monitor says blasts in Syria airport killed 2
How many Republicans would actually stick by Trump if he shot a guy on Fifth Avenue?
The key players in the Kavanaugh hearings - and what's at stake for each of them
U.S. military command changes hands in Afghanistan
The Latest: French FM says Syria's Assad has 'won the war'
Ukrainian city remembers Jews on Holocaust anniversary
Egypt says village found in Nile Delta predated pharaohs
Kaczynski wants Poland to be like western EU nations
How big is the GOP's Trump-can-shoot-a-guy-on-Fifth-Avenue caucus?
Why John McCain is being buried in Annapolis instead of Arlington National Cemetery
Duterte visit showcases Netanyahu's roster of tough-guy pals
The Latest: Turkey brands al-Qaida group in Syria terrorists
"'We Negroes' robocall is an attempt to 'weaponize race' in Florida campaign, Gillum warns"
Israeli leader praises US cuts to UN agency for Palestinians
John McCain to be buried in private ceremony at U.S. Naval Academy
'Trump Baby' was part of massive protests in London. 'Bikini Khan' was a more subdued affair.
Ruling party leader wants Poland to be like western Europe
"1 dead, 15 wounded in 2nd bombing to hit Philippine town"
Asian Games close: Indonesia shows it's the 'Energy of Asia'
"Pope Benedict, in retired seclusion, looms in the opposition to Pope Francis"
Libya announces state of emergency in Tripoli
Chinese billionaire under investigation over sexual assault allegations in Minneapolis
"Church collapses in Nigeria, killing 1 and hurting dozens"
Rights group: Strike on bus in Yemen is 'apparent war crime'
Dutch police question suspect in stabbings of 2 Americans
Is there a mysterious Planet Nine lurking in our solar system beyond Neptune?
"Duterte in Israel, first visit by a Philippines president"
Sen. Klobuchar: Democrats shouldn't have gone 'nuclear' on judicial nominees
Neil Armstrong's sons defend biopic over accusations that it is anti-American
John McCain is buried in private ceremony at U.S. Naval Academy
Vatican begins push-back against ex-ambassador over Davis
John F. Kerry doesn't rule out a bid for president in 2020
"UN agency: Trips across Mediterranean fall, but risks rise"
Trump blasted 'Lyin' Ted' Cruz again and again. Activists want to remind Texans with a billboard.
'Any old blue just won't do': Insurgents seek to topple more Democratic veterans in September primaries
AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka says new NAFTA should include Canada
