"Outside White House, teens demonstrate for gun control after Fla. school shooting"
The world's efforts to slow climate change aren't working
Analysis: Some Afghan aid programs won 'hearts and minds' better than others
Court: Pardoned Peru strongman Fujimori can be tried again
Gulf cartel boss captured in Mexican state bordering Texas
The Latest: Canadian ice dancers vie for more medals
Canada hopes to claim ice dance gold at Pyeongchang Olympics
Gray whale returned to ocean after 3 days beached in Mexico
The Latest: Alpine ski injuries can be very long-term
Trump endorses Romney for U.S. Senate seat from Utah
The Latest: Lindsey Vonn takes final downhill practice run
"Asian shares mostly lower after US holiday, await Fed notes"
"Fla. school shooting creates urgent push for gun control, bipartisan calls for change"
"In Idaho, medical-care exemptions for faith healing come under fire"
"Outside White House, teens demonstrate for gun control after school shooting"
"A memorial to the children gunned down in our schools? Yes, right on Congress's doorstep."
"The Latest: Virtue, Moir win ice dancing gold for Canada"
"Most Americans say Trump, Congress not doing enough to stop mass shootings, Post-ABC poll finds"
"Virtue, Moir win ice dance for 3rd career Olympic gold medal"
The Latest: US men's team beats Slovakia in Olympic hockey
Underpaid Venezuelans skipping out on work to make ends meet
Why Wakanda matters
"Ohio businessman, deported after 38 years in US, vows return"
The Latest: Women's big air final at Olympics is rescheduled
Forget tourism: Pyeongchang's legacy probably debt and anger
Joint Koreas hockey team ends historic Olympic run
"In Iran, Sufi followers killed 2 paramilitaries, 3 policemen"
Report: Iran summons Swedish envoy over granting citizenship
Volcanic blast reshaped summit of Indonesia's Mount Sinabung
Police name Netanyahu associates in Israeli corruption probe
Afghan officials say insurgent attacks killed 9 policemen
Bernie Sanders resurrects a 'zombie' claim on gun sales without background checks
Activists: Syria's shelling of Damascus suburb killed 98
The Latest: Curler feels cheated by medalist's positive test
"Syrian activists, paramedics say 98 people were killed in government shelling of rebel-held Damascus suburbs on Monday"
Police: Angry mob killed suspects in murder of girl in India
"German man fined $258,000 for cheating at self-service till"
Egyptian officials say resumption of Russian flights delayed
Rebel chief: IS-linked Marawi attackers plotted for 2nd city
The Latest: Shells rain down on Damascus from rebel suburbs
Slovenia hockey player tests positive for doping at Olympics
Australia resettles Cambodian activist's family as refugees
The Latest: Germans make change to mixed relay biathlon team
Russia and the U.S. just defused a potential crisis in Syria - and showed us how to back away from a war
Can a party founded by a comedian run a major European country? Italy may soon find out.
KFC's U.K. restaurants have a serious problem: They don't have chicken
The Latest: Norway gets 1st men's hockey win since '94 Games
Parts of New Zealand flood as remnants of Cyclone Gita hit
EU advocate says Poland broke law by logging in forest
"300 arrested after Sufis clash with Iran police, killing 5"
"Canadians earn Olympic gold in ice dancing, US hockey wins"
"Locals call Boko Haram 'slave raiders.' Here's what that means, and why it matters."
"'It's frustrating': Women in Mo. bristle at Trump's words on domestic violence, sexual abuse"
KFC's British restaurants have a serious problem: They don't have chicken
South Africa's new leader winning fans with morning exercise
Turkey considers chemical castration for pedophiles
Child killer appeals against his death sentence in Pakistan
"Latvian banking chief won't resign, rejects bribes report"
Cape Town pushes back 'Day Zero' to July 9 in water crisis
"For Olympic fans, the real fun starts after the games"
The European 'conservatives' invited to this week's CPAC conference are the ones Europe didn't want
Do low-turnout elections make the electorate more conservative? Not that much.
How inflation turns petty criminals into felons
Rape threats sent to Stanford law professor leading recall campaign against judge in Brock Turner rape case
"Juror voted to put murderer to death. Decades later, he wants to halt his execution."
'Home of Sliced Bread': A small Missouri town champions its greatest thing
One of the bloodiest attacks of Syria's war kills over 100 in a rebel-held Damascus suburb
"North Korea poised to launch large-scale cyberattacks, says new report"
Why Trump might bend nuclear security rules to help Saudi Arabia build reactors in the desert
"Myanmar to resettle 6,000 stranded Rohingya refugees"
Thai court gives Japanese man custody of 13 surrogate kids
Venezuela's digital coin makes debut
"2 aid workers killed in eastern Congo, 1 taken hostage"
UNICEF says Pakistan is riskiest country for newborns
Danish royals attend private funeral for Prince Henrik
Lawmaker who led #metoo push accused of firing aide who wouldn't play spin-the-bottle
The Finance 202: Trump's best defense on Russia could be offense against China
The Daily 202: Florida shooting aftermath shows a generation that's more impressive than typically portrayed
"A juror voted to put a murderer to death. Decades later, he wants to halt his execution."
Countries made only modest climate-change promises in Paris. They're falling short anyway.
Is India's government 'snubbing' Canada's Justin Trudeau?
Britain in a stir over accusation that Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn was a Cold War 'asset' for Czech spies
The Latest: Germany sweeps Nordic combined large hill podium
"Global shares mixed after US break, investors eye Fed notes"
The Latest: Russia says 'several dozen' injured in Syria
Trump encourages Pennsylvania Republicans to challenge new congressional districts drawn by state court
The Health 202: Trump administration pulls back from key Medicare goals
The Energy 202: Trump under pressure to keep an Obama-era climate decision he hasn't tried to kill (yet)
Q&#038;A for federal workers: Pay freeze
"In Puerto Rico, a skirmish over how much debt the bankrupt island can handle"
Rape threats sent to law professor leading recall campaign against judge in Brock Turner rape case
The Latest: Pro-government Syrian fighters enter Afrin
Rights groups want probe of civilians held by Myanmar army
Pro-government Syrian fighters begin entering Kurdish enclave of Afrin despite Turkish threats
"South African president announces ""lifestyle audits"""
"Czechs to open satellite center to serve intelligence, NATO"
3 detained in southern France over 2017 Barcelona attacks
Thomas dissents from Supreme Court decision not to review California gun law
Another peek inside the imaginary world where Trump is an unalloyed success
Lawmaker who led #MeToo push accused of firing aide who wouldn't play spin the bottle
Rape threats sent to law professor leading recall campaign against judge in Brock Turner case
One of the bloodiest attacks of Syria's war kills more than 100 in a rebel-held Damascus suburb
"A British woman left this nasty note on an ambulance. Turns out, that's a crime."
U.N. issues blank statement on Syrian violence: 'No words will do justice to the children killed'
"The Latest: Highly-decorated Virtue, Moir win ice dancing"
Brazil's lower house approves military intervention in Rio
Japanese man given custody of 13 surrogate kids
The Latest: Opposition accuses Syria of war crimes
Zimbabwean opposition leader is buried in rural home
The Latest: Greece jails Palestinian over migrant smuggling
Trump promised to exhaust people with his wins. A study says he's already won 'worst president ever.'
"The next five years will shape sea-level rise for the next 300, study says"
U.S. biathletes shoot guns to compete. They want gun control for America.
Decades' worth of rape kits are finally being tested. No one can agree on what to do next.
Kurdish fighters say Syrian army has arrived to thwart Turkish offensive in Afrin
U.N. issues a mostly blank statement on Syrian violence: 'No words will do justice to the children killed'
Oxfam apologizes over handling of Haiti abuse scandal
Malta's only airport reopens after 2-hour closure for fire
Egypt adds detained Islamist politician to terror list
More than 100 killed in Syria assault on Damascus suburb
Parts of Warsaw Ghetto wall to become historic monuments
The U.S. political conversation is not and probably never was driven by Russian social-media bots
A passenger says she complained about period pains - and was forced off her flight
"The next five years will shape sea level rise for the next 300, study says"
Japanese millionaire dubbed the 'baby factory' dad just won custody of 13 surrogate children
The #KFCCrisis has some Britons so upset that they've called police - and Parliament
"Venezuela launches the 'petro,' its cryptocurrency"
Aide suspected of trying to bribe judge in investigation of Netanyahu's wife
Maldives parliament approves extension of state of emergency
Romanian museum defends screening of AIDS film amid protest
The Latest: Erdogan: Pro-Syrian forces pushed back in Afrin
Palestinian leader calls for peace conference by mid-2018
Ukraine's president signs bill on Russia-backed regions
"Turkey's Erdogan confirms pro-Syrian government fighters pushed back from Afrin, warns against 'wrongful steps'"
Trump's talking points on Russia take a turn for the desperate
The Florida school shooting is not fading from headlines
India arrests 11 suspects in $1.8 billion bank fraud case
The Latest: UN envoy sees Mideast peace window closing soon
Egypt opens border with Gaza temporarily
UK Labour chief says Communist spy claims 'ridiculous smear'
"Latvian ECB official won't resign, rejects bribes report"
How the response to the shooting in Parkland compares to other recent massacres
Students emerging as the newest identity group shaping the gun violence conversation
Romney faces complicated path as he begins run for Senate seat
Russia's election boss warns of 'fake news' designed to undermine Kremlin vote
Premature baby named after curling rock island defies odds
More big parties join Venezuela ballot boycott: official
The Latest: Envoy says US extends hand to Palestinians
"AP Explains: Syria's starved, rebellious suburb under attack"
Italy warns of election meddling as parties court Russia
Iran TV airs images of site of airplane crash that killed 65
Poll: A record-high number of Americans support stricter gun laws
Students are emerging as the newest identity group shaping the gun violence conversation
"New Pennsylvania congressional map erases 1,100 miles of district borders"
Two states attempt to help small businesses reduce their health care costs.
Venezuela's Maduro just invited Trump to hang out over Twitter
Italy warns of election threat as rival parties court Russia
Vatican investigator meets with Chilean sex abuse victims
Trump was 'too controversial' for CPAC in 2016. Now Le Pen will address the conservative conference.
Does gun control suddenly have real momentum?
'Making a Murderer' subject asks for Supreme Court review
"In Mueller probe, son-in-law of Russian businessman pleads guilty to false statements"
"Abbas, Haley exchange strong criticism over Middle East at U.N. Security Council"
Most Republicans think arming teachers could have prevented Parkland; new gun laws couldn't
How mass school shootings affect the education of students who survive
The Parkland massacre sparked a renewed debate over gun control. Here's what happens next.
'Too many bad memories': What happens to the sites of mass shootings?
"From thundersleet to record heat, the weather is extreme across the Lower 48"
CDC warns about salmonella infections traced to kratom
Florida students chanting 'We want change' walk out of schools to protest gun violence
"Student appears to have shot himself in Ohio middle school bathroom, authorities say"
"Watch the adorable, first-ever video of a newborn dumbo octopus"
"Children have changed America before, braving fire hoses and police dogs for civil rights"
Short-term health plans skirting ACA-required benefits and protections to be expanded
James Corden had one thing right: We're neurologically wired to love puppies
The terrible plane crash that devastated U.S. figure skating - and still shapes it today
Sessions convenes cyber task force in part to explore election interference
"Toomey, sensing 'momentum,' plans revival of bill to expand background checks"
USDA staffer shocks agency with public admission about sex for promotion
Sarah Sanders offered a very bad defense of Trump's response to Russia
Trump directs Attorney General Sessions to propose regulations to ban 'bump stocks'
The NRA convention is coming to Dallas. One city official wants to keep it away.
10-year-old 'Little Miss Flint' helped hundreds of underprivileged kids see 'Black Panther' over the weekend
Why social media appeals after mass shootings have done little to change gun laws
The NRA convention is coming to Dallas. This city official wants to keep it away.
Government bombing of Damascus suburbs kills more than 100
The Latest: Group says Syria death toll tops 100 for the day
Trump's 'tougher on Russia' claim fits a pattern of striving to one-up Obama
Pence was set to meet with North Korean officials during the Olympics before last minute cancellation
Trump was 'too controversial' for CPAC in 2016. Now a Le Pen will address the conservative conference.
"A longtime Mattis adviser is resigning, leaving one less woman on his senior staff"
"Helen Sloane Dudman, journalist and broadcasting executive, dies at 93"
'Heroic': West Point admits a student who was killed in the Parkland shooting
"The 10 worst presidents: Besides Trump, who do scholars scorn the most?"
"A British woman left a nasty note on an ambulance. Turns out, that's a crime."
Donald Trump Jr. says he likes India's poor people because they 'smile'
The desperate images from one of Syria's bloodiest days
