Trump's pardon-palooza: Presidents and the constitutional power to pardon
Venezuela frees more opposition prisoners to unite nation
L.A. tenants increasingly engaging in rent strikes amid housing crisis
'Roseanne' cancellation leaves crew members in the lurch: 'That's the way it is in a freelance universe.'
FDA investigators struggle to pin down source of e.coli outbreak
Jury awards $4 to family of man fatally shot by police
Pushing the envelope: Why was Kim's letter for Trump so big?
US singled out by G7 allies over steel and aluminum tariffs
"Mattis warns of bumpy road to US, North Korea nuclear summit"
Israeli strikes Hamas in Gaza after rocket fire resumes
"India, Pakistan trade fire in Kashmir; 2 dead, 8 wounded"
Duterte tells UN expert 'to go to hell' over criticism
Qatar won't be part of any military action against Iran
Slovenians vote as anti-immigrant party sees strong support
Balance between club and country gets tricky with World Cup
Building collapses in Nairobi; Kenyan police report 2 dead
China warns any agreements with Washington to end trade dispute 'will not take effect' if US tariff hike goes ahead
UK remembers London Bridge attack victims on 1st anniversary
Building collapses in Kenya's capital; police report 3 dead
Nearly half of Afghan children are not in school
"From hemorrhoids to hangovers - bears' bile is treasured in China, and that's bad for captive bears"
North Korea state media says Syria's Assad wants to meet Kim
"Report: UK food, fuel, medicine short under 'no deal' Brexit"
German president apologizes to gays for decades of injustice
Saudi prosecutor says 17 detained in case against activists
"Syria's Bashar al-Assad considers trip to meet Kim Jong Un, North Korea says"
Pope decries deadly repression against Nicaraguan protesters
Philippines eyes greater regulation of Islamic schools
"Spain rescues 240 migrants, 1 dies crossing Mediterranean"
Germany's Merkel to work with Italy's populist new govt
"Diet drinks may seem like a good idea, but their effects may surprise you"
"Most women with a common type of early-stage breast cancer can skip chemo, a new report finds"
Los Angeles tenants increasingly engaging in rent strikes amid housing crisis
The most disturbing parts of the 171-page warrant for the Golden State Killer suspect
"Five dead, nearly 200 sick in E. coli outbreak from lettuce. And investigators are stumped."
A man was shot and killed by police. A jury gave his family $4.
Going to the doctor in a group means better health for some patients
"'The Bear Woman': The brief, sad life of Julia Pastrana"
Trump thinks he's saving trade. The rest of the world thinks he's blowing it up.
North Korea reportedly wants a McDonald's. That could be a pretty big deal.
Iraq sentences French woman to life for joining IS
"German airport power outage grounds planes, passengers"
The Latest: 9 migrants drown off Turkey's southern coast
"US-led NATO exercise starts in Baltics, Poland"
GOP picks Denver Riggleman to replace Rep. Tom Garrett as nominee in Virginia's 5th District
From the classroom to the campaign trail: Emboldened teachers run for office
"He's pro-incest, pedophilia, and rape. He's also running for Congress from his parents' house."
"Barbara Kafka, cookbook author who turned up the heat, dies at 84"
"Ella Brennan, matriarch of New Orleans restaurant family, dies at 92"
Police find an Uber passenger fatally shot in a crashed car - and arrest the driver
Southern Baptist seminary drops bombshell: Why Paige Patterson was fired
Italy: Right-wing leader says new govt won't undo gay unions
Paris site of 30th 'Diner en Blanc' secret until last minute
Giuliani says Trump probably has the constitutional power to pardon himself
Aid groups in Congo scramble to limit Ebola as outbreak reaches 'critical point'
Populists campaign in Sicily after forming Italy government
Nicaraguan Cardinal emeritus Miguel Obando dies at 92
"An FBI agent did a back flip in a club, dropped his gun and accidentally shot someone, police say"
"Berlin police officer shoots, injures man near cathedral"
A Berlin police officer has shot and wounded someone in the area of the German capital's cathedral
The Latest: 35 migrants die as boat sinks off Tunisia
"Bear bile is treasured in China, and that's bad for animals in captivity"
No one could save a pilot whale that swallowed 17 pounds of plastic bags off Thailand
"From hemorrhoids to hangovers - bear bile is treasured in China, and that's bad for captive bears"
Netanyahu heads to Europe with Iran on his mind
"Berlin police shoot, wound man near cathedral"
Pope: new bishop replaces convicted Australian cleric
Italian manufacturer wants to help build that bigger U.S. Navy fleet
"Man with knife, officer wounded in Berlin cathedral shooting"
"Merkel to work with new Italy govt, says united EU vital"
"Jordan unions call strike, part of protests against tax hike"
The Latest: Exit poll has right-wing leading Slovenia vote
Exit polls suggest the right-wing Slovenian Democratic Party has won the most votes in a parliamentary election
Italy's 5-Stars step back from minister's anti-gay remarks
Kudlow: Trudeau is 'overreacting' to U.S. tariffs
Tower at Flight 93 memorial to open by 9/11 anniversary
States provide cameras to combat elder abuse
"Officer shoots man waving knife in Berlin Cathedral, police say"
Egypt prolongs Lebanese woman's detention over video posted on Facebook
Exit poll suggests right-wing party leading Slovenia vote
Israel strikes Hamas in Gaza after rocket fire resumes
Pope encourages mobster-plagued town to take law's side
A police officer was fired after video showed him running down a fleeing suspect with his car
The Latest: Right-wing party has big lead in Slovenia
The Latest: Death toll from boat off Tunisia rises to 46
Preliminary election returns in Slovenia confirm a right-wing party is winning the most votes
A psychiatrist in the JonBenet Ramsey case was gunned down. Then police discovered more bodies.
Middle school teacher charged for feeding live puppy to snapping turtle while students watched
"A historic exodus is leaving Venezuela without teachers, doctors and electricians"
China's bear bile industry persists despite growing awareness of the cruelty involved
Huge parade celebrates gay pride in Brazil
Report: Merkel aware of Germany refugee agency chaos in 2017
Paris' 30th 'Diner en Blanc' starts at Les Invalides
Slovenia: Early vote count confirms right-wing party winning
Giuliani calls it 'unthinkable' that Trump would pardon himself
GOP candidates echo Trump on immigration as president transforms party in his image
Are U.S. schools really such big losers in the world?
The United Nations says Trump is making life harder for the poor
"Day 4 of Jordan protests, thousands rally against tax hikes"
Guatemala volcano blankets nearby villages with ash
At least 46 migrants drown off Tunisia; 9 killed off Turkey
Preliminary results put right-wing party ahead in Slovenia
What challenge? Feinstein romps ahead in California primary with turns to the left.
"Jens Christian Skou, who received Nobel Prize for chemistry, dies at 99"
"A president can't obstruct justice? That's not quite right, legal scholars say."
The Latest: 6 people killed by erupting volcano in Guatemala
Guatemalan authorities say 6 people have been killed by an erupting volcano southwest of the capital
