Police video shows harrowing escapes from last year's California wildfires
Justice Department calls for inquiry after Trump demands probe into whether FBI 'infiltrated or surveilled' his campaign
Kerry says civil discourse is under threat around the world
Venezuela keeps voting stations open amid light turnout
Lava spatter shatters man's leg in first known injury from Hawaii volcano
The Latest: Venezuela opposition calls election a 'farce'
"In North Korea nuke site closing, spectacle trumps substance"
RNC paid nearly half a million dollars to law firm representing Hope Hicks and others in Russia probes
Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro wins reelection amid charges of irregularities
"Venezuela electoral council says Maduro re-elected in vote marred by opposition boycott, irregularities"
The Latest: Anti-Maduro candidate demands new Venezuela vote
"Venezuela anti-government candidate Henri Falcon says presidential election marred by irregularities, lacks legitimacy"
"Amid ethics scrutiny, EPA's Pruitt also finds his regulatory rollbacks hitting bumps"
Maduro declared winner in disputed Venezuela election
"The Latest: Maduro celebrates re-election, urges dialogue"
2nd Mexican presidential debate starts with US relationship
Manila takes non-confrontational stand vs China in sea feud
"Thailand wearies of junta rule, election promise still vague"
Italy draws its battle lines with Europe
US relations under Trump dominate Mexico presidential debate
2 injured in flurry of bombings in Thailand's south
China launches relay satellite for far side moon landing
Nepal official says 2 foreign climbers died on Mount Everest
2 injured in multiple bombings in Thailand's troubled south
'You can't appease tyrants and bullies': Mexican candidates take hard line on Trump
Analysis: 36 local candidates have been assassinated in Mexico. And the election is not until July.
Syrian government to resume anti-IS offensive in Damascus
"Abbas, 83-year-old Palestinian leader, still in hospital"
Indonesia's most volatile volcano erupts again
Moon enters talks with Trump with driver's seat at stake
Maduro wins Venezuela election challengers call illegitimate
Police question Thai politicians who criticized junta
'Worse than the civil war': Kabul violence makes Afghans fearful of unseen enemies - and each other
Verdict to be delivered in family ax murder trial
Australian state government proposes protecting wild horses
Democrats' newest midterm pitch: A crackdown on corruption
Will toughness on Iran help Trump with North Korea? Here are three reasons to doubt it.
"4 years after coup, Thailand wearies of junta rule"
Poland's Walesa visits disabled protesters in parliament
Inquiry begins into London's Grenfell Tower blaze
Michael Flynn pleaded guilty. Now his supporters are trying to exonerate him.
Israeli police accused of brutality in crackdown on demonstrating Israeli Arabs
China says it can't guarantee no more trade tension with US
"Paraguay opens embassy in Jerusalem, after US and Guatemala"
"Despite fatwa, transgender people in Iran face harassment"
Syrian government resumes anti-IS offensive in Damascus
'Just pure frustration': How months of inaction led 20 Republicans to take a stand on immigration
Congress is about to loosen the reins on the banking industry. Here's why.
Trump's opioid strategy 'missing in action' as 115 people die every day
Starbucks: You don't have to buy coffee to sit in our cafes or use our restrooms - as long as you behave
"A genealogy website helps crack another cold case, police say, this one a 1987 double homicide"
"He took his family to lunch, left the table and rammed them with his car, killing two, police say"
"In North Korea nuke site closure, spectacle trumps substance"
Survey: Japanese female journalists report sexual misconduct
Nurse dead in Congo as Ebola vaccination campaign starts
4 charged in Greece over attack on Thessaloniki mayor
Trump warns China to stay 'strong & tight' on North Korea border
The Finance 202: Trump has blinked on China
The Cybersecurity 202: We surveyed 100 security experts. Almost all said state election systems were vulnerable.
The Health 202: States are targeting a key middleman in the drug-pricing chain
Pilot-hungry airlines are raiding flight schools - creating a shortage of instructors to train the next generation
The truth about organic produce and pesticides
Group of corporate heavyweights pushes for regional toll network
Oliver North blames school shootings on 'culture of violence.' He was a pitchman for a violent video game.
Ed Sheeran's song 'Small Bump' was used by Irish antiabortion campaigners. He doesn't approve.
Meghan Markle declares herself a feminist on the British monarchy's website
"Stocks are higher as US, China put trade war on hold"
Funeral for Polish WWII hero held in Warsaw
"Sri Lanka storms, landslides kill 5, leave 1,000 displaced"
Medical teams sent to south India amid deadly virus outbreak
Is Rod Rosenstein indulging Trump's conspiracy theories too much?
The Daily 202: Hillary Clinton warns of 'a full-fledged crisis in our democracy' at Yale
Trump lambastes a former CIA director ahead of installation of a new one
The Energy 202: Trump talks a lot about coal. But his administration just named 35 'critical minerals'
A Georgia candidate seeks to make history - and a comeback strategy for national Democrats
A German broadcaster called Meghan Markle 'exotic.' Viewers said it was racist.
Greece's most liberal mayor beaten by a bunch of far-right protesters
Ex-Yugo autocratic leader's iconic yacht given new life
The Latest: Syrian military declares victory in capital
"Syrian military declares capital, surrounding areas free from militants for first time in nearly 7 years"
Syrian government captures most of IS-held area in Damascus
Supreme Court rules that companies can require workers to accept individual arbitration
Trump the dealmaker should understand Trump the president's North Korea problem
"Pompeo vows U.S., Mideast allies will 'crush' Iranian operatives around the world"
Japanese and Macedonian climbers die on Mount Everest
"South African man,23, found guilty of ax murder of parents and brother"
"The Latest: Spain, too, denounces Venezuela election"
The three biggest surprises in the Trump Organization's financial filings
A brief history of Trump attempting to 'hereby demand' things
Is Rod Rosenstein being too soft on Trump?
A Border Patrol agent detained two U.S. citizens at a gas station after hearing them speak Spanish
Romanian children sickened after eating school sandwiches
International outcry grows over disputed Venezuela vote
Bahrain strips 9 of citizenship amid wide crackdown
"South African man, 23, found guilty of ax murders of family"
Trump isn't the only one who calls opponents 'animals.' Democrats and Republicans do it to each other.
Trump calls Rep. Nunes 'a very courageous man' while attending CIA ceremony
"As Haspel is sworn in at CIA, Trump credits her for overcoming 'negative politics'"
The Trump team's 8 stages of Russia collusion denial
Millions of U.S. citizens don't speak English to each other. That's not a problem.
Who's to blame for the hiccup in North Korea talks? South Koreans say Bolton.
Burundi votes to allow president to extend time in power
Aide: Palestinian leader making swift recovery in hospital
Grenfell Tower survivors weep as inquiry begins in London
White House feeds Trump base with news release doubling down on MS-13 'animals'
"When it comes to Trump, men and women remain far apart"
The slippery slope of the Trump administration's political embrace of calling MS-13 'animals'
Trump is not the only one who calls opponents 'animals.' Democrats and Republicans do it to each other.
Two Americans were detained by a Border Patrol agent after he heard them speaking Spanish
"'Something was wrong with this cougar': Animal that killed biker, injured another was emaciated"
Millions of U.S. citizens don't speak English to one another. That's not a problem.
A University of Oregon student died on a lake trip. The school blamed 'poor life choices.'
"Mumbai's glow-in-the-dark waves may be fueled by climate change, study says"
Iran's transgender people face discrimination despite fatwa
Danish minister says Muslims shouldn't work during Ramadan
UN envoy: Ending corruption and trafficking key in Libya
Detained Iranian-British woman learns of new charges in Iran
The Latest: Pence says Venezuela vote a 'sham'
"There was a second Trump Tower meeting, and yet again it contradicts the Trump team's past collusion denials"
"Rosenstein, Wray to meet with Trump amid brewing controversy over FBI's use of confidential informant in Russia probe"
One of the most striking things about Harry and Meghan's official wedding photos
Clashes escalate in eastern Ukraine
LGBT community cheers pope's 'God made you like this' remark
Commission says Nicaraguan government violated human rights
Ukraine convicts Frenchman for plotting Euro 2016 attacks
Why Democrats trying to build a blue wave in Texas are leaning left in the primaries
Starbucks has new guidelines for when employees should call 911
She died in the Texas school shooting. Now hundreds of strangers want to save her husband.
'He was being followed by a pig and didn't know what to do.' So he called 911.
Consumer Reports: Tesla's Model 3 has 'big flaws'
Mosquito explosion in southwest Russia makes it 'impossible' to leave home
New study suggests future hurricanes will be slower and wetter as Earth warms
"This bizarre, backward asteroid might be a visitor from another star"
"Giuseppe Conte, a political novice, is on the verge of becoming Italy's prime minister"
One of the most striking things about Harry and Meghan's official royal wedding photos
Hope for US-China trade progress sends stocks jumping
Pope laments 'hemorrhaging' of priests and nuns in Europe
Gunmen try to corner police reacting to shots in French city
Controversial Senate candidate Don Blankenship says he will make a third-party run in West Virginia
Naval Academy freshmen just climbed a greased 21-foot monument. Here's the history behind the spectacle.
"'He's peeing!': A man's grabby hands were just the start of this plane nightmare, FBI says"
Teachers killed in Texas school shooting were substitutes - 'the forgotten force of the education world'
'Love is the only way': How a black preacher's royal wedding address showed the power of a good sermon
Can Americans ditch guns the way we ditched cigarettes?
Professor convicted of vandalizing NRA lobbyist's home with fake blood
Trial exposes connections between cybercriminals and Russian government
Trump administration moves to tighten squeeze on Venezuelan government
Italy's new populist government really might blow up the euro
2 Brazilians arrested in attempt to smuggle African migrants
Argentine priest sentenced to 25 years for child molestation
Trump's campaign has spent more on legal fees than Obama did in 2009 and 2013 combined
Bernie Sanders is still borrowing the Democratic Party
White House plans meeting between intelligence officials and GOP lawmakers on FBI source
Congo Ebola vaccination campaign begins with health workers
Ex-London mayor quits UK's Labour amid anti-Semitism scandal
Germany foreign minister to meet Pompeo over Iran deal
Venezuela's opposition scrambles to regroup after Maduro win
White House budget director: I've talked to Kevin McCarthy about replacing Paul Ryan
Why Mick Mulvaney's cunning Pelosi plan makes no sense
Trump to meet South Korea's Moon amid signs that partnership is faltering on North Korea
"Suicide rates for black children twice that of white children, new data show"
