How the campaign finance charges against Michael Cohen may implicate Trump
Democrats seize on convictions to demand protection for Russia probe
"After two convictions, pressure mounts on Trump"
"Trump and security team must face claims of assault on Mexican protesters, judge says"
"Trump addresses rally in West Virginia amid Cohen, Manafort fallout"
Cohen's claim about Trump may spark calls for impeachment but is unlikely to lead to charges
Strong quake rocks Venezuela but little damage reported
Strong Pacific quake hits near Vanuatu but no tsunami threat
"Looking toward November, Wyoming and Alaska voters pick their candidates for statewide and House races"
"Trump talks about nearly everything at West Virginia rally - except Cohen, Manafort"
"'Doesn't involve me': Trump tries to distance himself from Cohen, Manafort cases"
Federal judge will soon decide whether to block 3-D printed gun blueprints
The challenges of regulating 3-D-printed guns
War-ravaged Bosnia struggles to cope with new migrants
Dutton planning 2nd challenge to Australian prime minister
"Trump's company approved $420,000 in payments to Cohen, relying on 'sham' invoices, prosecutors say"
"Man charged with killing Mollie Tibbetts is an undocumented immigrant, authorities say"
Inmates across the U.S. are staging a prison strike over 'modern-day slavery'
Colorado murders signal a return of the news media's 'damsels in distress' trope
Korean relatives bid emotional farewell after reunions
"Wyo. State Treasurer Mark Gordon projected to win gubernatorial nomination, beating Trump-endorsed Foster Friess, other Republicans"
John Chapman died trying to rescue a Navy SEAL. Now he&#8217;ll receive the Medal of Honor.
2 Cambodian reporters charged with spying released on bail
US commander says pressure key to nuclear diplomacy
Little damage reported from strong quake in Venezuela
Indonesia sinks 125 mostly foreign illegal fishing vessels
Heavily pork-reliant China battling African swine fever
"Hurricane Lane, packing 160-mph winds, presents a rare direct threat to Hawaii"
Animal crackers have been caged for 116 years. Pressure on Nabisco helped free them.
Federal judge will soon decide whether to block 3-D-printed gun blueprints
Why countries might want out of China's Belt and Road
Rohingya refugees celebrate holiday amid memories of home
Fire in multi-story building in Mumbai; 10 feared trapped
What candidate Trump would say about President Trump's economic record
Video of unwanted advance divides Egyptians
Fire in multi-story building in India's Mumbai kills 4
Zimbabwe court to hear opposition party's election challenge
Polish President Duda defends government's judicial moves
Playing bridge at the Asian Games: 'Athletics of the mind'
Testing time for Sri Lanka swimmer Peiris at Asian Games
Zimbabwe court hears opposition party's election challenge
Aid workers in India warn scale of flood damage unclear
"Opening door to migrants, some Italians defy government line"
German foreign minister sets out proposed US strategy
Bolton says no timetable for Trump's Mideast peace plan
"Wyoming treasurer defeats Trump-endorsed candidate in race for governor, in a blow to the president's string of primary victories"
"Meet Souad Abderrahim, the first female mayor of Tunisia's capital in 160 years"
"China, US in verbal clash over El Salvador dropping Taiwan"
"Tears, farewell hugs end 1st round of Korean reunions"
Rights group urges Libya not to carry out executions
Iran: Britain will help redesign reactor after US pullout
"Even after Mugabe, Zimbabwe&#8217;s elections do not appear free or fair"
Russia keeps getting hit with sanctions. Do they make a difference?
Syria's al-Qaida leader vows to fight on in rebel province
Scores of migrants storm Spanish enclave's border defenses
US military airstrike in Somalia against al-Shabab kills 2
Head of disbanded Cambodian opposition party denied bail
The Cybersecurity 202: Tech giants open up about election cyberthreats as specter of regulation looms
Timeline: How one Tuesday in August turned into a potentially dangerous day for Trump's presidency
How deporting immigrants from the U.S. increases immigration to the U.S.
10 of the ickiest allegations in the Duncan Hunter indictment
How the campaign finance charges against Michael Cohen implicate Trump
"White House reporter April Ryan has bodyguards. Sarah Huckabee Sanders should pay for them, Ryan says"
&#8216;Let&#8217;s kill these cops&#8217;: Jailing of rapper for song threatening officers upheld by Pa. Supreme Court
Okla. judge who jailed people for eating sunflower seeds and talking in court has resigned
"Official: Jailed, beaten Ugandan pop star in 'a lot of pain'"
China denies visa for BuzzFeed writer in likely retaliation
Turnbull long under attack from own party's conservatives
Australian political challenger known for hard-right stances
"The Finance 202: Today will mark the longest stock rally in U.S. history. Yes, despite the Trump turmoil."
The Health 202: Has Medicaid expansion helped or hurt the program? Depends which of these Republicans you ask
30-year-old images show how little has changed in the plight of immigrants at the U.S.-Mexico border
"White House reporter April Ryan has a bodyguard. Sarah Huckabee Sanders should pay the bill, Ryan says"
Rapper jailed for song threatening cops tries a free speech appeal - and loses
"Even after Mugabe, Zimbabwe's elections do not appear free or fair"
30 people deported by United States arrive in Cambodia
Dutch police identify suspect in slaying of boy 20 years ago
"US not alone in grappling with Catholic sex abuse, cover-up"
A peek inside Trump&#8217;s Twitter bubble in the wake of the worst day of his presidency
Cohen lawyer Lanny Davis says his client doesn't want to be 'dirtied' by a presidential pardon
"Trump slams ESPN, NFL players as Texas Senate candidate Beto O&#8217;Rourke defends peaceful protest"
'Don't retain the services of Michael Cohen': Trump responds to his former fixer's guilty plea with a wise-cracking tweet
The Energy 202: Trump's new CO2 rule may help coal plants run for years longer
Environmentalists say new pipeline protest laws restrict their freedom of speech
Rapper jailed for song threatening police tries a free speech appeal - and loses
I'm a Catholic survivor of abuse. I still want to hear the church say it's sorry.
Saudi Arabia seeking first death penalty for female activist
"Putin happy to see Iran leave Syria, says Bolton"
"Saudi Arabia seeking first death penalty for female activist, rights groups say"
How other Western democracies prosecute leaders accused of crimes
"Trump calls Paul Manafort a 'brave man,' says he refused to 'break' unlike Michael Cohen"
The Daily 202: A terrible day for Trump could foretell more bad days to come
"Harsh new anti-protest laws restrict freedom of speech, advocates say"
Verizon says it shouldn't have throttled California firefighters during wildfire emergency
"Putin would be happy to see Iranian forces leave Syria, John Bolton says"
Vietnamese court sentences US citizens to 14 years in jail
Germany arrests Russian national over alleged extremist plot
Aftershock hits Venezuela following biggest quake since 1900
"Israel advances plans for 1,000 West Bank settlement homes"
This keeps happening: Another White House staffer is found to have ties to a white nationalist
Trump&#8217;s comparison of the Cohen allegations to Obama is entirely wrong
Michael Cohen's tweet about Hillary Clinton and prison came back to haunt him. Now it's gone.
"Trump calls Manafort a 'brave man,' says he refused to 'break' unlike Cohen"
"300 migrants storm Spanish enclave border fence, 116 get in"
South Africans outraged over video with racist rant
Thailand holds ceremony in honor of 47 Chinese boat victims
Russia says tens of thousands of its troops fought in Syria
6 big questions after the Cohen and Manafort convictions
Nazi guards weren&#8217;t the only ones killing Jews during the Holocaust. Some &#8212; but not all &#8212; communities did it themselves first. Why?
"Senate Democrats seek delay in Kavanaugh hearings, citing Cohen's guilty plea"
Republican who&#8217;s broken with Trump on immigration says president may be too generous on DACA
Putin says latest US sanctions senseless
"Giraffe, rhino deaths raise alarm at former Buenos Aires zoo"
What might Michael Cohen tell Robert Mueller?
Nazi guards weren&#8217;t the only ones killing Jews during the Holocaust. Some - but not all - communities did it themselves first. Why?
Category 4 Hurricane Lane closes in on Hawaii
Cardinal Donald Wuerl's name will be removed from Pa. school amid allegations of sex abuse coverup
"Mollie Tibbetts's suspected killer, in the U.S. illegally, told investigators about her final moments"
Democratic National Committee says hackers unsuccessfully targeted voter database
"1,464 Western Australian government officials used 'Password123' as their password. Cool, cool."
Who would have thought getting naked outside Italy's tomb of the unknown soldier wasn't a good idea?
Reports: Belgium restaurant stabbing leaves several injured
Zimbabwe court to rule Friday on opposition's vote challenge
"Israelis, Palestinians pay respects to late peace activist"
UN warns of a possible new cholera epidemic in Yemen
Mom was Neanderthal: Fossil shows mix of humankind's cousins
Why Republicans can be accused of politicizing the Mollie Tibbetts tragedy
"About 80 percent of the media are 'the enemy of the people,' Trump says"
New satellite will bounce light off air to measure winds
At least 1 killed in Belgium stabbing; mayor says not terror
Romania leader's claim of assassination attempt debated
"In fallout from Trump controversies, Republicans warn Democrats will seek his impeachment. Democratic candidates are avoiding the word."
"For President Trump, 'national security' can mean just about anything"
"Trump calls Manafort a 'brave man,' says he refused to 'break' - unlike Cohen"
Senate Democrats want to know whether Kavanaugh crossed line as source during Clinton probe
Why Michael Cohen's campaign finance crimes were more serious than the Obama campaign's infraction
Sarah Huckabee Sanders on whether Trump lied about Cohen payment to Stormy Daniels: 'That's a ridiculous accusation'
"Mollie Tibbetts&#8217;s suspected killer, in the U.S. illegally, told investigators about her final moments"
Planetary party: Catch multiple planets lined up with the moon as summer wanes
Cardinal Donald Wuerl&#8217;s name will be removed from Pa. high school amid allegations of sex abuse coverup
UN urges Israel not to hold Gaza aid 'hostage' to politics
"IS leader releases purported audio, 1st in almost a year"
Man kills 2 women in Belgian knife attack; no terror motive
"On three separate issues, what Trump knew when emerges as critical"
"Republicans were all for impeachment in 1998. Now, not so much."
'Supreme courage': U.S. Airman John Chapman posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor
New drone shots show isolated Amazonian tribe in Brazil
"IS leader resurfaces in purported audio, 1st in 11 months"
Trump has flipped on the Fed. Will conservatives join him?
"Duncan Hunter overdrew his bank account an average of three times a week, every week, for seven years"
Category 4 Hurricane Lane bears down on Hawaii. Watches and warnings cover island chain.
"Firefly twinkles are a sweet reminder that they taste like trash, study says"
Trump nominates Marine general to head Middle East operations
Rio residents allege abuses by military and 3rd soldier dies
"'How do you spin a fact?': White House grapples with response to Cohen, Manafort convictions"
'Stop being a ... snake': Distant cousin of Mollie Tibbetts tells partisans not to politicize her death
"Trump to headline Ohio GOP dinner, but Kasich won't be there"
Cardinal Donald Wuerl's name will be removed from Pa. school
Lawmaker tells Australian leader that party doesn't back him
