White House grapples with dual crises over Kavanaugh and Rosenstein
'It's the culture war on steroids.' Kavanaugh fight takes on symbolism in divided era.
"FBI says murder, violent crimes fell slightly after previous increases"
"CIA renews focus on nation-state rivals, director says"
A man accused of kidnapping and masturbating on a woman got a 'pass.' Now people want the judge and prosecutor out.
Catching fish and keeping faith: How an Indonesian teen survived 49 days at sea
"Admired abroad, New Zealand leader faces hurdles at home"
Police officer fired after saying he was going to arrest 'these zoo animals' in Snapchat post
Venezuelan official to crash UN meeting on migrant crisis
Polish globe-trotter blunders into Indonesia-Papua conflict
Rescued Indian and Irish sailors head for remote island
The Latest: 5 powers agree on plan to assist Iran's exports
Venezuela says diplomats may be tied to assassination try
Vietnam jails activist for anti-government posts on Facebook
Mexican gov't agency says 1968 massacre was a 'state crime'
Trump cuts a lonely figure at the U.N.
Messy domestic politics overshadow Trump's address to UN
UN to caution against populism in high-level week
Beto O'Rourke's false claim he did not try to leave the scene of a DWI
"Syria: Everyone else's battleground, in both war and peace"
Kabul mural honors AFP photographer slain in IS bombing
College players getting on court education at World Cup
UN rushes aid to hunger-stricken Yemeni district
"GOP Rep. Cramer questions whether accusation against Kavanaugh should disqualify him, even if true"
"Iran video threatens missile strikes on UAE, Saudi Arabia"
Pope warns of existential ennui in secular Estonia
Sweden's center-left PM loses confidence vote
Rescued Indian and Irish sailors reach remote island
Pakistan official: Gunmen kill policeman guarding polio team
The turnout gap between whites and racial minorities is larger than you think - and hard to change
Prince William visits Africa ahead of UK wildlife conference
The Latest: Pope acknowledges scandals driving people away
"Pope acknowledges sex abuse scandals driving people away, says it must change to keep young faithful"
WHO warns of 'perfect storm' for Ebola in eastern Congo
China demands US cancel arms sale to Taiwan
Is Obama breaking norms as a former President? Not really.
Q&A for federal workers: Raises and COLAs
China says the U.S. is 'holding a knife to our neck' in trade war
"In western Afghanistan, villagers are fleeing not just war but drought"
Will Turkey finally get to host a major sporting event? Germany hopes not.
"As Silicon Valley eyes Toronto, some worry tech boom could hurt Canada"
"Pope acknowledges abuse scandals outrage, drive people away"
The Latest: Migrant rescue ship heads toward France
The Cybersecurity 202: Congress poised to allow DHS to take the lead on federal cybersecurity
Trump overstates GOP favorability advantage as he touts new poll findings
Who controls your data? India may pass a law ensuring that you do.
Who&#8217;s Renate? How the Trump era&#8217;s gravity field pulls little-known people into the national narrative.
An insurance company wants you to hand over your Fitbit data so they can make more money. Should you?
Archaeologists discover 'massive' ancient building in Egypt
Thai police hand over 100 kilos of marijuana for research
"Watchdog accuses Yemen rebels of taking hostages, torture"
Turkish court rejects compensation for Die Welt journalist
The Energy 202: Something strange is happening with Arctic lakes
"White House open to public testimony from second Kavanaugh accuser, Sanders says"
The Health 202: Rural Trump voters hurt most when states don't expand Medicaid
The Finance 202: Auto tariffs would vastly expand Trump's trade war. A decision could come at any time.
Trump says he has 'no plans' to meet with Iranian leader at the U.N.
Arctic lakes are leaking dangerous greenhouse gases. And one is behaving very strangely.
"In western Afghanistan, villagers are fleeing not just war, but drought"
The U.S. and Iran are competing to shape Iraq's new government. Both are failing.
Germany's surging far right party is launching an association to attract an unlikely group of voters: Jews
"Leaders pledged to greatly reduce poverty by 2030. In some places, deprivation may only get worse."
France rejects a migrant rescue ship as tensions mount in the Mediterranean
Lebanon's parliament approves Arms Trade Treaty
Wildfire in Tuscan countryside forces 700 to flee homes
German Catholics release report on church sex abuse
Macron's presidency hurt by ex-aide flaunting gun in photo
Austrian leader defends press freedom after email leak
Surge of Afghan civilian casualties from airstrikes alarms United Nations
Germany's surging far-right party is launching an association to attract an unlikely group of voters: Jews
College players get education on court at women's World Cup
The Latest: Croatia detains 2 migrants for hijacking bus
UN cautions against populism in high-level week
German bishops apologize for thousands of sex abuse cases
The Latest: UN chief: 'Pivotal moment' for fighting warming
Top Senate Republicans aren't even pretending Kavanaugh's accusers will make a difference
The Daily 202: Kavanaugh's memory of himself in high school is very different than his portrayal in the yearbook
Fox News's kid-gloves interview with Kavanaugh leaves all the tough questions to partisan Democrats
Beto O'Rourke's false claim that he did not try to leave the scene of a DWI
An insurance company wants you to hand over your Fitbit data so it can make more money. Should you?
Germany's surging far-right party is trying to attract an unlikely group of voters: Jews
The Latest: Trump says Iran has acted 'very badly'
The Latest: Tardy Trump throws off UN's top event
British officials checking reports of whale in River Thames
German court upholds Kuwait Airways' refusal of Israeli man
Argentina's central bank chief resigns amid IMF negotiations
"Trump rejects globalism, emphasizes &#8216;America First&#8217; foreign policy approach in speech to U.N."
U.S. all but certain to miss weekend deadline to include Canada in three-way NAFTA deal
How in the world is Mark Judge not testifying?
Sarah Sanders: 'Not true' that Trump always sides with men in cases of sexual assault allegations
The Latest: Trump says US to take 'hard look' at foreign aid
Organizers claim 170 people tried to run on field at WCup
"Automaker BMW issues profit warning on trade, pricing"
Russian Pussy Riot activist is conscious after poisoning
"Trump attacks second Kavanaugh accuser, saying she 'has nothing' and was 'totally inebriated'"
What we know about the allegations surrounding Brett Kavanaugh
All the egregious things politicians have said (so far) about the Kavanaugh allegations
World leaders stumble upon a potent response to Trump's claims: Laughter
"At United Nations, Trump rejects constraints imposed by other nations, says U.S. will act to counter 'global control'"
Sarah Sanders: 'Not true' that Trump always sides with men in cases of sexual misconduct allegations
"Forget Brexit, we've got a Beluga! Whale spotted in Britain's River Thames"
There's a baby at the U.N. General Assembly
Violence in Congo imperils efforts to combat Ebola outbreak
The Latest: Trump says chaos in Venezuela is unacceptable
The Latest: EU countries reach deal on migrant rescue ship
Tropical Storm Rosa forms off Mexico's Pacific coast
The Latest: Turkish leader urges restructuring UN
Watchdog urges Egypt to reverse seizure of newspaper
"Trump boasts of America's might, draws headshakes at UN"
The problematic things politicians have said (so far) about the Kavanaugh allegations
Tom Steyer intends to spend on Senate races if Rosenstein is fired
"Trump's angry, meandering broadside against Brett Kavanaugh's accusers, annotated"
President Trump has shown a 'pattern' for defending men accused of sexual misconduct
U.S. sanctions target Venezuela's first lady and president's inner circle
"Forget Brexit, we've got a beluga! Whale spotted in Britain's River Thames."
"Trump lashes out at Iran, vows more sanctions"
5 EU countries reach deal to end limbo of rescued migrants
The Latest: Trump to hold Wednesday news conference
UK Labour Party criticizes Israel amid anti-Semitism warning
The Latest: France's Macron assails nationalists
The virginity defense is a reminder of our ignorance about sexual violence
"In his speech at the U.N., Trump again embraces Poland's shift away from liberal democracy"
"At Trump's U.N. Security Council meeting, Bolivia's leftist leader could play foil"
The Latest: Iran: US sanctions are 'economic terrorism'
The Latest: US to warn Iran of 'hell to pay' for defiance
Iran's president says US should return to negotiations on nuclear deal in UN Security Council
Russian Pussy Riot activist conscious after poisoning
"Iran's president accuses US of pressuring, threatening supporters of Iran nuclear deal"
"Iranian president says 'unilateral' U.S. sanctions amount to ""economic terrorism"""
Court restores federal protections for Yellowstone-area grizzly bears
Law enforcement signal new willingness to investigate tech giants
Trump keeps threatening to end foreign aid for disloyal countries. Here's why it hasn't happened.
Trump accused Germany of becoming 'totally dependent' on Russian energy at the U.N. The Germans just smirked.
The Latest: US expands aid for Venezuelan migrants
French ex-premier launches bid to become Barcelona mayor
"Iran says US wants to overthrow govt, rejects two-way talks"
Pope: Priestly abuse scandals driving Catholic faithful away
Former Trump hotel in Panama City rebranded as JW Marriott
The Latest: Morocco navy fires on boat carrying migrants
US lashes out at Iran as world leaders gather at UN
Mexico disarms Acapulco police force linked to drug gangs
NATO chief seek dialogue with increasingly assertive Russia
Beluga whale spotted in River Thames outside London
"'People actually laughed at a president': At U.N. speech, Trump suffers the fate he always feared"
Trudeau says Canada does redistricting better than we do. Is he right?
Violence in Congo hinders efforts to combat Ebola outbreak
5 European states reach deal on fate of 58 migrants rescued off Libyan coast
Labour party activists vote for a second referendum on Brexit
The Latest: Pope says church judged unfairly on sex abuse
"They said it: Less-quoted leaders at UN, in their own words"
The Latest: Germans take latest Trump criticism in stride
"In most global of settings, UN ponders populism's problems"
Russia's Lavrov lashes out at Norway arrest of suspected spy
Trump delivers defiant defense of his foreign policy approach to skeptical U.N. audience
"The Trailer: Heidi, Joe, and Joe"
"Charles Kuen Kao, Nobel laureate celebrated as father of fiber optics, dies at 84"
"'Powerful' corporate interests prevent U.S. from insuring 30 million, ex-UN chief says"
A DNA test said a man was 4% black. Now he wants to qualify as a minority business owner.
"Nearly 40,000 people applied to run a cat sanctuary on a Greek island"
"What the world's youths might learn from BTS, the K-pop stars who spoke at the U.N."
Labour Party delegates vote for a second referendum on Brexit
Dangerous Super Typhoon Trami may slam into Japan this weekend
World leaders laugh as Trump boasts of his achievements
"At UN this year, it's Trump versus the world"
AP Interview: NATO chief plays balancing act with Russia
Guatemala again refuses to readmit UN graft investigator
"Rod Rosenstein's departure was imminent. Now he is likely to survive until after the midterms, officials say"
