"Charles Krauthammer inspired journalists with disabilities, including me"
"White House proposes federal government overhaul, including a consolidation of safety-net programs"
Federal judge rules that consumer protection bureau is unconstitutional
U.S. pledges to return 7-year-old taken from Guatemalan mother at border
The chaotic effort to reunite immigrant parents with their separated kids
US diplomat thinks Trump's UK itinerary includes the queen
Colombia: Bodies of kidnapped press workers possibly found
House Republican leaders delay vote on immigration bill until next week in the face of opposition
These places will pay U.S. workers thousands of dollars to move there
"Methane leaks offset much of the benefits of natural gas, new study says"
The story behind the girl in the recording who begs for her aunt after being separated from her migrant mom
Suu Kyi says outside hate narratives driving Myanmar tension
"Methane leaks offset much of the climate change benefits of natural gas, study says"
Trump administration seeks approval from judge to detain immigrant families together
"Before reversal, U.S. was on pace to put over 19,000 child migrants in detention by year's end"
The story behind the girl in the recording who begs for her aunt after being separated from her migrant mother
2 Koreas meet to arrange reunions of war-split families
Time's and New Yorker's powerful covers make a statement on family separation
Vietnam arrests 4 more oil execs in corruption crackdown
2 Koreas discuss holding new reunions of war-split families
Australian jury deadlocked on alleged killer-driver
Indonesia court sentences cleric behind attacks to death
"Indonesian court sentences radical cleric who instigated 2016 suicide bombing at a Starbucks, other attacks to death"
'He cried and hugged me': Brazilian still separated from son
"Mexico opium poppy growers see price drop, turn to marijuana"
Who is behind the wheel in a changing Saudi Arabia?
New Zealand leader recovers with mac-n-cheese after birth
Pakistani rights activist's home ransacked; laptops taken
"After giving birth, New Zealand leader craves mac-n-cheese"
New East Timor government marred by corruption allegations
"Video: One rally, one hour, almost 30 Trumpian claims"
"Fatal fight sets off anti-India protests, clashes in Kashmir"
Turkey detains 14 suspected IS militants in raids
UK police arrest man after he claims to have a bomb
German EU commissioner warns Merkel allies in migration spat
U.S. returns 7-year-old Guatemalan boy taken from his mother at border
UN: Basic human rights being 'chiseled away' in Venezuela
Greek financial markets rally on debt relief deal
"In India, rats have a $19,000 meal"
South Sudan peace deal attempt fails as Kiir rejects Machar
"Italy vows to expel far more migrants, but it won't be easy"
"Turkey heads to landmark presidential, parliamentary vote"
Afghan official says16 militia killed in Taliban attack
OPEC mulls 1 million-barrel oil production increase
US imposes visa bans on several unnamed Congo officials
African wild dogs make comeback at Mozambican wildlife park
Malaysia names new central bank governor
What Republicans just can't seem to get away from
Trump's Michael Cohen problem just keeps looking more ominous
Time and New Yorker covers make powerful statements about the border crisis
"Uber safety driver's phone was streaming 'The Voice' ahead of deadly driverless crash, police find"
Inside the U.S.'s 'National Radio Quiet Zone' where there's no WiFi or cellphone service
He stole the identity of a dead 8-year-old. Police now want to know what he was hiding from.
WikiLeaks publishes identities and information about ICE employees amid intensifying anger
"The crying Honduran girl on the cover of Time was not separated from her mother, father says"
How hundreds of Yemenis fleeing the world's worst humanitarian crisis ended up on a resort island in South Korea
"'Enough is enough:' South Sudan sees no role for opposition leader, casting doubt on peace talks"
Rival Koreas agree to reunions of war-separated families
OPEC discussing oil production increase to ease energy costs
German chancellor visits Lebanon school with Syrian refugees
Activists: Syrian government steps up offensive in southwest
The Latest: 2 OSCE observers refused entry to Turkey
Seoul says rival Koreas agree to hold reunions of war-separated families on Aug. 20-26
The Cybersecurity 202: GOP lawmakers want U.S. businesses to get out of business with Chinese telecom companies
3 lessons from Trump's immigration fiasco
Americans vastly overestimate the number of immigrants. But what if it doesn't matter?
Family reunions on divided Korea Peninsula to resume in latest outreach
Businessman linked to slain reporter held in separate case
Catalan secessionists cut formal ties with Spanish monarchy
Romania: Party rallies around leader convicted of graft
Rival Koreas agree to August reunions of war-split families
Polish local police chief fired over colleague's death
'We have a profound problem': Mark Sanford has some thoughts about Trump and the truth
Trump says Republicans are 'wasting their time' trying to pass immigration bills before November elections
Here's a different take on Boko Haram and extremism in Africa
"A Girl Scout wrote to companies with a heartfelt request. As a result, they cut down on millions of plastic straws."
"Ahead of deadly autonomous Uber crash, safety driver's phone was streaming 'The Voice,' police find"
He stole the identity of a dead 8-year-old. Police want to know what he was hiding from.
"'Enough is enough': South Sudan sees no role for opposition leader, casting doubt on peace talks"
Family reunions on divided Korean Peninsula to resume in latest outreach
OPEC discussing oil output increase to contain energy costs
The Latest: Germany: Much work still undone before Brexit
Greece heads for bailout exit after deal with creditors
Belgian gets life on cocaine smuggling charges in Cambodia
The Energy 202: Trump's plan to overhaul government would give Interior and EPA more power
"The Daily 202: Under Trump, Americans are becoming more supportive of immigration"
The Health 202: Meet the man in charge of the HHS agency overseeing migrant children
John Bolton was once a fierce critic of Putin. Will he meet him in Moscow next week?
"E.U. trade tariffs take effect, in latest rift between U.S. and its closest allies"
Trump's Mideast team meets Israeli premier over peace plan
Central African Republic minister says Becker passport fake
Service celebrates UK's 'Windrush generation' from Caribbean
"Trump wades into more GOP contests, backs an incumbent who slammed him for 'Access Hollywood' tape"
Trump has dropped hints about his close relationship with the National Enquirer
Supreme Court rules that states can require online retailers to collect sales taxes
Can the Emmys be hacked? One contender tried to find out.
Backup driver in fatal self-driving Uber crash was streaming Hulu
"'Enough is enough': South Sudan rules out role for opposition leader, casting doubt on peace talks"
Greece's Aegean in $5.8 billion deal for new Airbus planes
OPEC countries to pump more oil to contain price increase
UK service celebrates 'Windrush generation' from Caribbean
Rights group warns blocking aid in Yemen endangers millions
A third of Maryland Democrats don't even want to bother appealing to Trump voters
Supreme Court rules that warrant is needed to access cell tower records
"Electric scooter companies' conquer with a simple strategy: act first, answer questions later"
"Robotic surgery is no better than traditional surgery, bladder cancer study finds"
"Trump threatens Europe with 20 percent tariffs on auto imports, escalating trade showdown with U.S. allies"
Trump administration plans to use Coast Guard money to pay for border enforcement
Corbyn: Labour government would quickly recognize Palestine
Falling tree branch kills Polish official in heavy storm
Time magazine's major mistake on the crying-girl cover
No one knows why nearly three dozen children fell ill at a summer camp
A Girl Scout wrote to companies with a heartfelt request. They cut down on millions of plastic straws.
"Electric scooter companies conquer with a simple strategy: Act first, answer questions later"
A former Vatican diplomat to the U.S. goes to trial on child pornography charges
Trump has long threatened to hike tariffs on European cars. German auto workers now fear he isn't bluffing.
Council of Europe experts: Hungary must repeal anti-NGO law
Slovenia lawmakers hold first session after election
The Latest: Assad says talks with US would be waste of time
"Trump officially declares North Korea still a threat, despite his claim after historic summit"
Can the Border Patrol ask for your papers? This tool shows if you're in the 'border zone.'
"Discharge, 'Q: And Children? A: And Children': The Week In One Song"
Can the Border Patrol ask for your papers?
The crying Honduran girl on the cover of Time was not separated from her mother
Kurdish voters could hold the key in Turkey's hotly contested election
Trump's tariff threats suddenly look very real in the heartland of Germany's car industry
Father of girl on Time cover says she's with her mother
UN chief to meet with US secretary of state
"We get it, Steve King"
"Fox News host's 'not our kids' statement, and the limits of compassion"
"Electric-scooter companies conquer with a simple strategy: Act first, answer questions later"
"For once in a tie, Greek PM Tsipras hails new debt deal"
Romanian party leader convicted of graft vows to change laws
Slovenian lawmakers elect conservative parliament speaker
Former Vatican diplomat Capella admits accessing child porn
The Latest: Chart shows Turkish candidates' unequal coverage
The British royal family is welcoming its first-ever same-sex marriage
The Latest: US condemns truce violations in southern Syria
UN puts together a 'Youth World Cup' in New York
OPEC agrees to pump more oil but crude prices jump anyway
Trump answers critics of family separation policy with Americans 'permanently separated' from family by illegal immigrants
"At Vatican trial, former diplomat admits to viewing and sharing child pornography while stationed in Washington"
British royal family will make history this summer with its first-ever same-sex wedding
Democratic lawmaker on detained children: 'Where are the girls?'
"The original source for Trump's claim of 63,000 immigrant murders? Bad data from Steve King in 2005."
US officials say girl on Time cover isn't separated from mom
The four times Trump signed tax returns for his foundation that contained incorrect information
"Trump officially declares N. Korea still a threat, despite his claim after historic summit"
Trump's crackdown may deter some border-crossers - but others say they'll keep trying
Mueller signals outside prosecutors may eventually take over Russian trolls case
Many Brazilians look to military amid anger at politicians
Trump's false portrayal of his Sanford insult goes largely unchallenged by House Republicans: 'It wasn't a big deal'
Kushner's ties to Israeli firms are at issue as he visits region on peace mission
Delta is banning pit bull service dogs. That might not be legal.
"At Vatican trial, former envoy tells of viewing and sharing child porn while in D.C."
