"Trump proposed Putin visit White House during March call, Kremlin says"
Netanyahu said Israel had a deal to resettle African migrants in the West. Then he suspended it.
"Mag 5.9 quake shakes El Salvador, but no damage reported"
Venezuela authorities say inmates started deadly jail fire
Thai magazine editor in trouble over anti-pollution posting
New Peruvian President Martin Vizcarra names his Cabinet
Malaysia approves law banning fake news ahead of elections
Tabloid asks court to dismiss Karen McDougal lawsuit
"Prescribers, pharmacists arrested as DEA cracks down on illegal opioid use"
"Home-delivered meals might reduce ER visits, study suggests"
EPA explored private jet lease for Pruitt's travels last year
Winnie and Nelson Mandela's marriage survived three decades of prison - but not freedom
Migrant caravan raising concerns in US takes break in Mexico
Trump tweets and Mexico's presidential hopefuls fire back
Doctor slams Nauru's rejection of Australian court appeals
"Thailand finds $29M of drugs, arrests 11 in just over a week"
China says bishop selection does not breach religious rights
Son treks Papua New Guinea in footsteps of US war hero dad
South Korean court to allow live broadcast of Park verdict
"Fiji damaged by cyclone, PM sees 'frightening' weather ahead"
India government issues sweeping rule to control 'fake news'
A guide to President Trump's latest round of fact-challenged tweets
That caravan of migrants Trump was tweeting about? Mexico stopped it.
Putin and Erdogan to launch Turkey's 1st nuclear reactor
"Newspaper: 11 dead, 6 injured in fire in southwest Iran"
"In a corner of Spain, a struggle to staunch drug smuggling"
"Russia says 1,100 have evacuated rebel stronghold Ghouta"
German prosecutors ask court to extradite ex-Catalan leader
"Netanyahu criticized, praised for migrant deal decision"
Malaysia intercepts boat carrying Rohingya refugees
Afghan official: 5 civilians killed in airstrike on Taliban
"Spanish circus truck tips over, kills 1 elephant, injures 4"
India withdraws sweeping new rule clamping down on fake news
German prosecutors seek to extradite ex-Catalan leader
Russia's fourth-largest city scraps direct mayoral elections
Q&#038;A for federal workers: Annual hiring rates
How the White House garden became a political football
Fake news is about to get a lot worse. That will make it easier to violate human rights - and get away with it.
"'Starbucks classrooms,' plus six other new approaches in education"
"Ariz. woman survives police shooting, but Supreme Court says the officer is immune from her lawsuit"
Gay Kenyans sense they may be on the brink of a historic legal triumph
The Mandelas' marriage survived three decades of prison - but not freedom
"Obituary: Winnie Madikizela-Mandela, anti-apartheid activist and former wife of Nelson Mandela, dies at 81"
Portugal's growing green energy production hits milestone
China tells N. Korea official Beijing supports its US summit
Top Russian diplomat says Britain may have poisoned spy
Netanyahu cancels deal with UN to resettle African migrants
"In a corner of Spain, a struggle to stop drug smuggling"
When does Russian propaganda work - and when does it backfire? Here's what we found.
The nation's biggest conservative broadcaster is putting words in its anchors' mouths. Critics blame the FCC.
"Jewish people have a right to their 'own land,' Saudi crown prince says as charm offensive continues"
Sweden issues maritime warning for Russia's Baltic Sea drill
"Mass grave found in central Mali, new Amnesty report says"
Methamphetamine seizures lead surge in Thai drug busts
"Zimbabwe's leader thanks China's Xi, pledges to boost ties"
Villagers flee with Papua rebels after Indonesia attack
The Daily 202: MLK's final speech - delivered 50 years ago today - was full of timely and timeless teachings
The Finance 202: Saddle up for the midterm stock market slump. It begins now
Trump threatens foreign aid to Honduras as he continues focus on 'caravan' of migrants
The Health 202: Half of Americans think Obamacare marketplaces are crumbling
How can the U.N. restore the rule of law to the Central African Republic? 5 things you need to know.
This dad has been bringing his daughter's stuffed turtle to work for 18 years. And she just found out.
The hidden crisis on college campuses: 36 percent of students don't have enough to eat
Secret use of census info helped send Japanese Americans to internment camps in WWII
"Jewish people have a right to their 'own land,' Saudi crown prince says as he seeks ally against Iran"
Kidnapped journalists appeal to Ecuador's president in video
Advisory board applauds plans for Myanmar visit to refugees
Swastika removed from church bell in Germany
Israel defense minister vows tough response to Gaza protests
South African mourners visit home of Madikizela-Mandela
The Energy 202: Trump administration again targets California's environmental rules
A new study suggests fake news might have won Donald Trump the 2016 election
Egypt's president tightens grip and stirs tensions with lopsided win
Netanyahu scraps U.N. deal to resettle African asylum seekers
German food bank reverses move to bar more foreigners
Far-right views going mainstream in much of Central Europe
More Syrian rebels exit stronghold near Damascus
Mass grave found in Mali as concerns about military grow
The only information Trump supports is information that makes him look good
This star is the farthest ever seen. It's 9 billion light-years away.
"Billion-dollar sanctions-busting scheme aided Iran, documents show"
"Saudi-led coalition says Yemeni rebels attack Saudi oil tanker in international waters, causing ""minor damage"""
"Putin, Erdogan launch Turkey's 1st nuclear reactor"
The Latest: Gazan killed in clashes near Israeli border
Poverty fuels brazen drug trade in Spain's neglected south
Britain to ban ivory sales to stamp out 'abhorrent' trade
"In a footnote, Mueller sends a warning shot to Trump"
Robert Mueller just provided a real window into the Russia investigation. Here are 3 key takeaways.
"In a first, FDA orders recall of a 'contaminated food' - kratom with salmonella"
Israel vows tough response to Gaza protests
The Latest: UK scientists haven't IDed source of nerve agent
"Saudis, UAE draw praise for pledging aid to Yemen"
"Migrant caravan, raising concerns in US, halts in Mexico"
Trump wants the Senate to get rid of the filibuster. Good luck with that.
Robert Mueller just provided a real window into the Russia investigation. Here are 4 key takeaways.
The implied threats in Trump's tweets about CNN and Sinclair
"'Punish a Muslim Day' generates anger, fear and solidarity in Britain"
Cambodian ruling party ex-governor charged with murder
UK defense lab says it hasn't IDed source of nerve agent
"On the one hand, Pruitt is a huge ethical headache. On the other, he's doing exactly what Trump wants."
How a maid found dead in a freezer set off a diplomatic clash between the Philippines and Kuwait
UK defense lab: No ID yet for source of nerve agent
"The Latest: Rwanda, Uganda deny migrant deal with Israel"
UN says 1 peacekeeper killed and 11 hurt in CAR attack
"Trump says he'll send military to guard U.S.-Mexico border, threatens foreign aid to Honduras"
"On one hand, Pruitt is a huge ethical headache. On the other, he's doing exactly what Trump wants."
The caravan of migrants that's alarmed President Trump stalls at a soccer field
The Latest: Russian: Nerve agent could be made anywhere
Israeli leader nixes UN deal to resettle African migrants
Argentina: De Vido charged in corruption linked to Odebrecht
Russian President Vladimir Putin says Russia wants a thorough inquiry into ex-spy's poisoning in Britain
China's defense chief calls his Moscow trip a signal to US
"On anniversary of King's death, some white evangelicals are reexamining their role during the civil rights movement"
Trump's emerging trade war threatens House Republican seats
"Jewish people have a right to their 'own land,' Saudi crown prince says as he seeks an ally against Iran"
Epsy Campbell Barr is Costa Rica's first female black vice president
"Far-right, even racist views go mainstream in Central Europe"
The Latest: Russia: UK must apologize in nerve agent case
Correction: Israel-Mary Magdalene story
Short staffing leads to long waits for Social Security disability hearing decisions
"The tax cuts were supposed to be 'rocket fuel' for the economy. Since they passed, the markets are down."
"The all-consuming tribalism of Trump's Republican Party, in one 30-second ad"
Why Senate Republicans aren't listening to Trump's pleas to 'go nuclear'
Synthetic marijuana leaves two dead and dozens with severe bleeding
"He was obsessed with 'American Psycho,' police say, and stabbed his wife 123 times"
Police respond to reports of active shooter at YouTube building in California
"'Get up, it's Jesus day!': Mom used Taser to make her son attend Easter service, police say"
"A 5-year-old looking for candy found a gun instead, then fatally shot his brother"
British lab confirms Novichok used in spy attack but can't determine source
"Yesterday's favorite, Honduras whiplashed by Trump threats to cut U.S. aid"
Afghan air force faces criticism after reports that airstrike killed civilians
The Latest: Russian spokeswoman mocks Britain's allegations
"1 UN peacekeeper killed, 11 hurt in Central African Republic"
Turkey's Erdogan says missile deal with Russia is final
Supreme Court justice affirms activists' fears that police can 'shoot first and think later'
Microsoft drops digital privacy case in light of congressional action
The Finance 202: Saddle up for the midterm stock market slump. It begins now.
Why teachers are revolting against low pay and inadequate school funding
Police respond to reports of active shooter at YouTube headquarters in California
Rescuers search route that family may have traveled before their SUV plunged down a cliff
British lab confirms Novichok was used in spy attack but can't determine source
Exiled jurists hear graft claims against Venezuela's Maduro
"Wisconsin judicial race becomes costly, partisan contest"
Rescuers search route that family might have traveled before their SUV plunged down a cliff
"Woman dead with a self-inflicted wound, four others injured in shooting at YouTube headquarters in San Bruno, Calif., police say"
Nearly 12 million people enrolled in 2018 health coverage under the ACA
A woman says an Ancestry.com DNA test revealed her father - her parents' fertility doctor
"D.C., Maryland and Virginia join states and cities in lawsuit to block citizenship question from 2020 Census"
DHS says it has detected possible cellphone surveillance in D.C. - and doesn't know who's doing it
Puerto Rico teachers union seeks to stop charter schools
Uncertainty about McCain's future fuels GOP questions about Senate seat
"EPA chief Scott Pruitt relied on obscure law to hire ex-lobbyists, schedulers and spokespeople"
"Woman with gun opened fire at YouTube HQ, wounding several before killing herself, officials said."
"As Trump talks of leaving Syria, his top commander in the Middle East emphasizes the need to stay"
DHS has detected possible cellphone surveillance in D.C. - and doesn't know who's doing it
Venezuelan presidential candidate claims physical harassment
