Sessions didn't show how curtailing asylum requests for domestic violence is worth the cost
Trump-Kim summit: Wide gaps remain as two leaders prepare to start historic talks
"Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump made at least $82 million in outside income last year while serving in the White House, filings show"
"In Singapore, Trump team projects confidence on eve of high-stakes North Korea summit"
Americans launch #ThankCanada campaign after Trump attacks Trudeau
"Trump, Kim arrive for to historic summit"
The Latest: Kim arrives at site of summit with Trump
Kim Jong Un's convoy arrives on island where North Korean leader will meet Donald Trump in summit
Trump arrives at summit site on Singapore's Sentosa Island for historic meeting with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un
Kim Jong Un's convoy leaves hotel for Singapore resort where North Korean leader is to meet President Donald Trump
UN: Situation in Sudan's Darfur region is 'radically' better
Historic Trump-Kim summit begins in Singapore
"Trump, Kim shake hands to open momentous summit"
The Latest: Trump predicts 'terrific relationship' with Kim
"North Korea's Kim Jong Un says at summit with President Donald Trump ""we came here after overcoming"" all the obstacles"
Trump predicts he will have a 'great relationship' with Kim Jong Un as summit begins
"Trump, NKorea's Kim Jong Un open historic nuclear summit"
"Trump, North Korean leader Kim Jong Un shake hands as historic nuclear summit opens in Singapore"
Historic Trump-Kim summit underway in Singapore
Michigan Central Depot is a towering symbol of Detroit's blight. Ford just bought it.
Pence will attend Southern Baptist Convention event amid turmoil over gender issues
Education Department opens investigation into USC after gynecologist scandal
Pence will attend Southern Baptist Convention meeting amid turmoil over gender
Law professor: Syracuse betrayed its commitment to free speech when it punished fraternity members for their videos
"Trump, North Korea's Kim come together for momentous summit"
The Latest: Rodman: I got call saying Trump was proud of me
"In nuclear meeting with Kim Jong Un, Trump says that by 'working together, we will get it taken care of'"
"Trump predicts that he and Kim Jong Un 'will solve a big problem, a big dilemma'"
"'A great honor': In a bid for history, Trump flatters North Korea's totalitarian leader"
"History is made as Trump and Kim meet, but will they produce something historic?"
Trump-Kim summit: Wide gaps remain as two leaders meet in Singapore
He was accused of breaking a woman's arm in road rage. The DA didn't buy it and freed him.
The Latest: Rodman: Trump must prove trustworthiness to Kim
'I'm so happy': Dennis Rodman weeps as Trump and Kim meet
Singapore Postcard: Summit adds value to North Korea's coins
"Alone time: Trump, Kim Jong Un ditch aides to meet 1 on 1"
American Medical Association to keep reviewing its opposition to assisted death
Trump gives Kim Jong Un the grin that was absent with his allies at G-7
Trump says meeting with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un went 'better than anybody could have expected'
The Latest: Trump jokes to photographers at summit with Kim
"For world, Trump-Kim summit raises cautious hope for peace"
"Kim's summit entourage includes 4 women, elderly lieutenants"
"Ahead of World Cup, amputee soccer teams compete in Ecuador"
Trump-Kim summit: Two leaders promise to forge a new partnership
Trump's affinity for dictators over democrats
"Trump, North Korea's Kim plan to sign unspecified document"
Trump and Kim shake hands in scene complex as their rivalry
Check out my ride: Trump shows Kim Jong Un 'The Beast'
Official says suicide bomber kills 5 police in Afghanistan
Report describes Dubai real estate as money-laundering haven
Trump-Kim summit: Trumps says 'we have developed a very special bond' at end of historic meeting
"In US-North Korea document, Kim Jong Un commits to 'complete denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula'"
"Trump, North Korea's Kim Jong Un sign unspecified document"
The Latest: Kim Jong Un departs site of summit with Trump
North Korean leader Kim Jong Un leaves Singapore's Sentosa island after meeting with President Donald Trump
US lauds Taiwan ties in dedication of new de-facto embassy
Trump-Kim summit: Trump says 'we have developed a very special bond' at end of historic meeting
The Latest: US commits to 'security guarantees' for NKorea
Pakistani court upholds death sentence for child killer
Trump-Kim summit: Trump says U.S. will end its 'war games' with South Korea
Rescue ship transfers migrants to Italian ships for safety
"Trump says once process of denuclearization is started, 'it's pretty much over'"
The Latest: Trump backs praise of Kim despite brutal history
Trump says Kim Jong Un has accepted his invitation to visit the White House sometime in the future
"Trump says he discussed human rights with Kim Jong Un, will hold more conversations on that in the future"
"Trump, Kim agree to repatriating US military remains"
Japan wanted Kim Jong Un pledge to reopen issue of Cold War-era abductions. Trump says 'they working on that.'
Trump: Trudeau's criticism will cost Canada 'a lot of money'
"What Kim's suit, shoes and hairstyle tell us about him"
The Latest: Spain will urge EU to address migration policies
The Latest: Trump thinks he'll need another meeting with Kim
Sweden charges man at center of Nobel scandal
China suggests sanctions relief for N. Korea after US summit
Maine will try a whole new way of voting on Tuesday
"Primary elections: What to watch in South Carolina, Virginia, Nevada, Maine and N.D."
Why Turkey's human rights violations won't end up in court
Q&#038;A for federal workers: Bigger buyouts may be on the way
A woman accused a driver of breaking her arm in a fit of road rage. Prosecutors didn't buy it.
Kim said his meeting with Trump was like a 'science fiction movie.' So let's review it like one.
"Japan wanted Kim Jong Un to pledge to reopen issue of Cold War-era abductions. Trump says, 'It's going to be worked on.'"
"Analysis: By Trump's own yardstick, NKorea pact falls flat"
"Trump departs Singapore after North Korea summit, says leaving early because 'there was nothing more we could have done'"
"After summit, Trump announces halt to US-SKorea 'war games'"
The Latest: UN watchdog welcomes Trump-Kim joint statement
Turkish jets strike PKK targets in northern Iraq stronghold
"Trump again scolds Trudeau, says his criticism will cost Canada 'a lot of money'"
Trump and Kim joint statement from the Singapore summit
Maine will make history on Tuesday with a whole new way of voting
"Neil Armstrong gave her a vial of moon dust, she says. She's suing so NASA won't take it."
George H.W. Bush makes history by celebrating his 94th birthday
"Forget 'man vs. machine.' When doctors compete with artificial intelligence, patients lose."
"Florida man kills 4 children he held hostage then takes own life, Orlando police say"
Israel: Social media monitoring nabs would-be attackers
Trump's comments back US report of razed N. Korea test site
The Latest: Hungary welcomes Italy's rejection of migrants
Lawyer appeals for release of former Congo vice president
Transcript of Trump's news conference after Singapore summit with North Korea's Kim
The Cybersecurity 202: Trump administration is taking a tougher line on Russia than Trump
Trump acknowledges he spoke to Kim Jong Un before the Singapore summit
The Singapore summit's three big takeaways
The Finance 202: Republican senators only willing to go so far in challenging Trump on trade
"It's radicals, not centrists, who are really more hostile to democracy"
Ending military exercises? Trump's plan for North Korea was China's plan first.
Trump's vow to end military drills with Seoul stuns a region
Russian police academy turns into World Cup nerve center
World Cup has divisive legacy for Russia's environment
"Now Cat 4, Hurricane Bud forecast to weaken before Baja hit"
The Daily 202: In Kim he trusts. Trump sounds naive after meeting North Korea's leader.
"The Energy 202: EPA delays public-records requests to avoid questions about Scott Pruitt, Democrat says"
Ivanka Trump tweeted a 'Chinese proverb.' Except it's not actually Chinese.
"Trump's optimistic news conference after meeting with Kim Jong Un, annotated"
Winners and losers from the Trump-Kim summit
"Once forceful on North Korean human rights abuses, Trump is mostly mum during a summit with Kim"
The Health 202: Three reasons Obamacare might not get another big SCOTUS moment
Outrage followed a woman's claim of a violent road rage attack. Prosecutors didn't buy it.
AP Analysis: Kim Jong Un flies home with lots to brag about
Ex-British Airways pilot jailed for reporting to work drunk
Exiled Yemen president goes to UAE as port attack looms
"Greece, Macedonia close in on name-dispute deal amid dissent"
The Latest: Moon offers aid to find remains of US soldiers
The Latest: France criticizes Italy's 'cynicism' on migrants
"How to generate a 'great fervor' from your citizens, the Kim Jong Un way"
POW deal with North Korea followed strong lobbying by Defense Department: 'It's a humanitarian issue'
Europeans haven't given up hope that Britain will change its mind on Brexit
"Once forceful on North Korean human rights abuses, Trump is mostly mum during summit with Kim"
The Latest: McConnell says summit a major step toward peace
Alleged UK neo-Nazi admits plot to murder lawmaker
Anne Frank House museum unveils virtual reality tour
"Report: 5 arrested in Italian theft of art by Rubens, Renoir"
Maine is making history Tuesday with a whole new way of voting
Wildfires are igniting across the Mountain West and the weather is not helping
"Half of women in science experience harassment, sweeping new report finds"
"More than a third of American adults take prescription drugs that may increase risk of depression, study finds"
"Half of women in science experience harassment, a sweeping new report finds"
"More than a third of American adults take prescription drugs that may increase risk of depression, study says"
"The U.N. and Burma signed a deal to resettle Rohingya refugees, but no one knows what's in it"
Category 3 Hurricane Bud forecast to weaken on path to Baja
"Trump-Kim talks inspire glee, cautious optimism, skepticism"
Civilians caught in Cameroon's deadly unrest over language
Polish president wants to ask voters for more power
Trump trade adviser apologizes for saying Canadian prime minister deserves 'a special place in hell'
Jeff Sessions's asylum decision hurts women the most
Reporters thought this video was North Korea propaganda. It came from the White House.
"Republicans give Trump measured praise for N. Korea summit, but also caution about how much work remains"
"Trump-Kim summit: Trump says after historic meeting, 'We have developed a very special bond'"
How to generate a 'great fervor' from your citizens the Kim Jong Un way
"Wildfires are igniting across the Mountain West, and the weather is not helping"
"Seattle backs off tax to help homeless after Amazon, business groups mount fierce opposition"
"More than a third of American adults take prescription drugs linked to depression, study says"
Kim returns to North Korea as Trump lavishes praise
Trump pledged to end military exercises with South Korea. But will it ever happen?
The Latest: Soccer coach donates to help migrant aid group
Germany looks to become 1st repeat Cup champ in half-century
The Latest: ICC orders interim release of former Congo VP
"Trump, Kim claim big summit success, but details are scant"
International Criminal Court orders interim release of former Congo VP Jean-Pierre Bemba
Scalise warns of 'devastating' impact as GOP rebels near immigration deadline
Other presidents have met with dictators. They didn't then praise them.
Black man says co-workers built 'white only' fort to harass him
The Latest: Spain readying for ships with stranded migrants
The Latest: And the name is: Republic of Northern Macedonia
International court orders release of ex-Congo VP Bemba
The Latest: Trump says Kim Jong Un 'loves his people'
"Greece, Macedonia say new name of Balkan country will be ""Republic of Northern Macedonia."""
Bernie Sanders supporter attends every DNC reform meeting. DNC member calls her a Russian plant.
The NRA appears to pull old legislator grades from its website
Trump campaign manager: CNN reporter who asked questions during Singapore signing ceremony should lose credentials
Kids in these U.S. 'hotspots' at higher risk because parents opt out of vaccinations
Photographer embroiled in Nobel literature prize scandal charged with rape
"With some reservations, East Asian countries welcome the Trump-Kim summit"
"The Latest: EU, NATO welcome Greek-Macedonian deal"
The Latest: US Navy confirms Mediterranean rescue operation
"The Latest: Paris hostages freed, suspect arrested"
Northern light: Macedonia makes name change deal with Greece
Iran says it can't remain in nuclear deal without benefits
"White House to Justin Trudeau: Sorry, not sorry"
"'Getting a good picture, everybody?': Inside the Trump production in Singapore"
"Azar backs protections for preexisting conditions, skirting administration's legal stance"
Bernie Sanders supporter attends every DNC rule-change meeting. DNC member calls her a Russian plant.
The NRA appears to pull old lawmaker grades from its website
Judge orders Mueller team to turn over names of European politicians in alleged Manafort lobbying scheme
Trump adviser apologizes for comments attacking Canada's Trudeau
Watch the video of TSA officers doing a pat-down of a 96-year-old woman in a wheelchair that has people outraged
Watch the explosion that occurs when lava pours into the ocean
"Supreme Court likely to oppose unions that represent teachers, other public sector workers. Here's why that matters."
"The U.S. just observed its warmest 3-, 4-, and 5-year spans on record"
Kids in these U.S. hot spots at higher risk because parents opt out of vaccinations
The story behind the viral photo of a 6-year-old comforting his dying sister
"Lesson from Liberal, Kan.: Community colleges must reach out more to communities"
Dictators and presidents: From Kim Jong Un and Trump to Hitler and Hoover
A teacher refused to use transgender students' names. His resignation was just approved.
"Can Russia, with its history of racist attacks and hooligans, put on a World Cup welcome?"
Photographer embroiled in Nobel literature prize scandal is charged with rape
Category 3 Hurricane Bud forecast to strike Mexico as strong tropical storm
"Paris hostages freed, suspect arrested after 4 hours"
Trump contradicts US military stance on Korea war games
Migrant rescue ship standoff in Mediterranean divides Europe
Mali says armed forces kill 10 extremists in Mopti region
Germany's Merkel faces new domestic dispute over migration
Trump urges Republicans to oust Rep. Mark Sanford in primary
Trump promise of end to U.S.-South Korea 'war games' creates confusion in Congress
The FBI agent who accidentally shot someone after a back flip has turned himself in
"Compared with Trump, previous presidents extracted more concessions from N. Korea, experts say"
UN says 6 million struggling to get food in Africa's Sahel
Israel evicts settlers from illegally built West Bank homes
The Latest: Biden troubled by Trump-Kim summit results
The Latest: Veteran envoy to Macedonia name dispute applauds
House GOP leaders wage last-ditch effort to stop uprising on immigration
"Aiming at AT&#038;T and Time Warner, Trump shot from the hip and missed"
120 House Democrats hit 'flawed' science in Pentagon's plan limiting transgender people in military
Trump's promise of end to U.S.-South Korea 'war games' creates confusion in Congress
The FBI agent who accidentally shot someone after a back flip at a bar has turned himself in
"Southern Baptists select a new president, while grappling with gender and race"
"Seattle council votes to repeal tax to help homeless amid opposition from Amazon, other businesses"
Students stage 'die-ins' nationwide to protest gun violence
"Macedonia agrees to a new name, ending a 27-year dispute with Greece"
Senior Justice Dept. lawyer resigns after shift on Obamacare
"Report: Amazon destroys large amount of new, returned goods"
Category 3 Hurricane Bud weakens on path to Mexico's Baja
Local candidate killed in Mexican Caribbean resort town
Corker says GOP cowers before Trump after party leaders block trade bill
FBI agent who accidentally shot a man after back flip in Denver club is charged with assault
"Trump sees 'new future' for North Korea, but path unclear"
The Latest: Head of UN hopes Macedonia deal will be a model
Puerto Rico issues new data on Hurricane Maria deaths
Can Trump command political support without real progress on trade and N. Korea?
Why you shouldn't endorse a candidate three hours before polls close
"John Bolton was paid $115,000 to participate in two panels sponsored by foundation of Ukrainian steel magnate"
"Trump celebrates Singapore accord with North Korea, but substance has yet to be revealed"
The Latest: NKorea says Trump OKs gradual disarmament
North Korea: Trump has agreed on step-by-step denuclearization process by North in return for US concessions
Palestinians seek UN vote blaming Israel; US wants changes
