Mueller raised possibility of presidential subpoena in meeting with Trump's legal team
"Pelosi says she'll run for speaker, as more swing-district Democrats look for alternative"
The Latest: Lawyers agree Pell case may be held in 2 trials
The Latest: Australia cardinal in court on sex-abuse charges
Sen. Dianne Feinstein says she no longer opposes legal marijuana
Australian cardinal faces 2 trials on sexual abuse charges
"NIH seeks health data of 1 million people, with genetic privacy suddenly an issue"
A black former White House staffer was moving into a new apartment. Someone reported a burglary.
Macron: Cooperation is powerful message as nationalism looms
How foreign leaders sweet-talk Trump
IMF: Mideast not growing fast enough to reduce unemployment
The Latest: Macron condemns violence at May 1 French rallies
Pakistani lawyer ends protest after army reassures Shiites
Outsiders face uphill battle in Lebanese elections
"The Latest: Macron, Turnbull remind China on South Pacific"
5.2-magnitude earthquake rattles southern Iran
US envoy to Israel: Palestinian leader's remarks a 'new low'
109 in custody in Paris over May Day violence
Myanmar judge won't declare whistleblower a hostile witness
The Latest: Macron calls Turnbull's wife 'delicious'
Watchdog: Global military spending up by 1.1 percent
"Macron says Aussie PM's wife 'delicious,' sparking reaction"
China's foreign minister in N. Korea seeks role for Beijing
Chinese imports threaten ancient craft of Dutch reed cutters
"What did the Korean leaders talk about on those park benches? Trump, mainly."
He was one of millions of Chinese seniors growing old alone. So he put himself up for adoption.
Faux pas: France's Macron says Aussie PM's wife 'delicious'
Opposition protesters block Armenia's main airport
Myanmar judge refuses to throw out whistleblower's testimony
"Trump's threats are unlikely to hurt Sen. Jon Tester. In fact, they may help him."
Trump is breaking the WTO. Will China want to save it?
Lion that mauled man in enclosure in South Africa is killed
Iraqi officials: Drive-by shooting kills 8 north of Baghdad
"France, Australia call on China to observe rules"
China calls for upholding Iran international nuclear deal
Did bin Laden's death help the Islamic State?
Driver guilty of murder in deaths of 5 Michigan bicyclists
Armenia's pro-democracy movement defiant in face of parliament rejection
"As China cleans up its act, India's cities named the world's most polluted"
Russian Olympic Committee president Zhukov to step down
The Latest: Armenia protest leader: Don't deploy troops
"Over 10,000 endangered tortoises are rescued in Madagascar"
Armenian opposition leader Pashinian warns government not to deploy troops; says force won't solve political crisis
"Militants attack Libyan election commission, 6 Killed"
'Setup & trap': Trump lashes out at investigation into obstruction of justice
The Health 202: The government is opening the doors to its big new genetics library
Pro-Trump groups air ads against Montana's Tester for questions that derailed VA pick
Robert Mueller and Co. are playing hardball
The Finance 202: There's no easy way out of Trump's trade feud with Europe
The Daily 202: Trump's big gambit has paid off - at least for him.
Paintball shootings in city streets are causing injuries and alarming police
"Even as fear of Russia is rising, its military spending is actually decreasing"
Iran denies supporting Polisario after Morocco severs ties
Knights of Malta elect Italian leader for life after crisis
Rights groups say Omani activist dies serving prison term
AP Interview: Pashinian warns Armenia not to deploy troops
"The Energy 202: Government watchdog investigating controversial EPA tweet, union says"
"Is Kim Jong Un trustworthy? 78 percent of South Koreans think so, poll finds"
Basque group ETA announces it has 'completely dissolved'
"UK: 450,000 women missed out on breast cancer test"
Rome protects monuments ahead of Liverpool match
Basque militant group ETA announces that it has 'dissolved all its structures' in letter to Spanish newspaper
A champion of 'the rule of law': Pence praises pardoned Arizona sheriff Joe Arpaio
The National Enquirer's weak denial of Trump's influence
The military's latest plan to save lives on the battlefield: building driverless vehicles.
"Is Kim Jong Un trustworthy? 78 percent of South Koreans think so, poll finds."
"Amid protests, Greece vows to reduce migrants on islands"
The Latest: Relatives of ETA victims skeptical of statement
Cyprus and Israel look to settle gas dispute
The Latest: Coffin protest held in Armenia's main square
Lawyer seeks fixed sentence for Stockholm attack suspect
What we didn't know about Trump on Election Day 2016
A correction officer's view inside New York's Rikers Island
"Pentagon tells U.S. military bases to stop selling ZTE, Huawei phones"
The military's latest plan to save lives on the battlefield: Building driverless vehicles
"Trump calls Justice Department 'rigged,' threatens action"
Macron calls Australian leader's wife 'delicious' - and demonstrates the perils of diplomacy in a foreign language
"Iran detains British-Iranian, Iranian with British Council"
Philippine ambassador expelled by Kuwait returns home
The Latest: Austrian leader: EU budget not acceptable
Merkel: Germany standing by Iran nuclear treaty for now
Why the 'raid' of Trump's former doctor isn't just a funny sideshow
"Pope Francis won't apologize for abusive church-run schools in Canada, and lawmakers aren't happy"
The Latest: Armenian majority sets threshold for PM vote
ETA's bloody history: 853 killings in 60 years of violence
Merkel urges Slovakia to solve case of slain journalist
Greek authorities hold Turkish driver over border crossing
House GOP faces uncertain transition to new leader amid fears of losing majority
A potentially alarming prognosis for Trump: His former doctor could embolden others to talk
White House lawyer Ty Cobb is exiting and will be replaced by Clinton impeachment attorney Emmet Flood
Kanye West seems ignorant on the realities of slavery. That's shockingly common.
President disproves Pat Moynihan: Many feel that Trump is entitled to his own facts
Children have become prime targets for identity theft. Here's how to protect your kids.
Southwest Airlines flight makes unplanned landing in Cleveland following reports of a broken window
Former congressman Jeff Miller emerges as a leading contender for Trump's VA
Remember the Iraqi man who threw a shoe at President Bush? He's running for office.
Trump visits State Department for the first time for Pompeo's swearing-in
"Armenia opposition leader calls on supporters to suspend protests Thursday, says he has enough support to become premier"
Death toll in Central African Republic's capital rises to 19
"Militants attack Libyan election commission, 14 Killed"
"Israeli PM talks Iran, trade with Japanese counterpart"
The Latest: Pashinian claims needed 1/3 support for PM bid
George Michael's family asks fans to remove memorial shrines
"What is Trump threatening to do to the Justice Department, exactly?"
From 'unhinged' to DUIs: How Indiana Republicans' vicious Senate primary could haunt them in November
The 'raid' of Trump's former doctor is more scandal than sideshow
White House replaces lawyer Ty Cobb with Clinton impeachment attorney Emmet Flood
A newspaper ran a photo of grieving Parkland teens - right above a giant gun show ad
"Puerto Rico Air National Guard plane crashes in Georgia, killing at least 5"
Two black men arrested at Starbucks settle with Philadelphia for $1 each
Why farmers only get 7.8 cents of every dollar Americans spend on food
Armenia's pro-democracy leader tells his jubilant followers they can ease up
Tech giants to Trump: We need Chinese workers
"The people who'll be most hurt by climate swings did the least to cause them, study says"
"Palestinian president says Jewish behavior caused the Holocaust, sparking condemnation"
ETA militants declare end to armed fight for Basque homeland
Armenian protest leader urges halt in demonstrations
The Latest: Armenia protest leader calls for end to protests
Key dates in the Chilean sex abuse scandal
This might be Trump's most comprehensively disproven tweet yet
"Trump becomes more dovish toward North Korea, but surrounds himself with hawks"
Why farmers are getting less and less of every dollar Americans spend on food
U.S. soldier killed in Afghanistan while providing security for Special Operations unit
Fire sends thick smoke over Mexico's Juarez and into US
Palestinian leader's speech condemned as anti-Semitic
Migrant caravan asylum bids mostly shielded from public view
"Charity, war monitor say Syrian hospital destroyed in strike"
"In most states, Democrats are making big gains relative to 2016. Not in Florida."
"D.C. consultant and former lobbyist helped arrange Scott Pruitt's canceled trip to Australia, records show"
'You're fired': A timeline of Team Trump departures
First death reported from E. coli-contaminated romaine lettuce as outbreak spreads
"Wolves, Bulls, Ravens: The Boy Scout movement's unlikely start and intrepid founder"
A newspaper ran a photo of grieving Parkland teens - right above a giant gun-show ad
Southwest Airlines flight makes unplanned landing in Cleveland following reports of a cracked window
The U.K. failed to tell thousands to get breast cancer screenings. Hundreds died as a result.
"Please stop feeding the kangaroos - or risk getting mauled, Australian officials warn tourists"
Puerto Rico govt official resigns amid corruption probe
Colombia's leading presidential candidate warned of attack
"Dominican officials seize $750,000 in 2nd cash haul in week"
"UN official: UN backs talks, not elections in South Sudan"
Turkmenistan opens vast new Caspian port
"The White House calls Ty Cobb's exit a 'retirement,' but it sounds as though he was pushed"
A single jawbone has revealed just how much radiation Hiroshima bomb victims absorbed
"Spike in 'minor' aviation mishaps a 'leading indicator' to examine, Navy secretary says"
"ISIS suicide bombers attack Libyan electoral commission, killing at least 12"
The U.K. failed to tell thousands to get breast cancer screenings. Hundreds may have died as a result.
North Korea calls US claims it hacked UN database 'nonsense'
Mexican presidential candidates deny rumors of alliances
Political stress test: Trump's medical history becomes another divisive issue
"New Trump lawyer has the perfect resume to take on Russia case, colleagues say"
Pence's 'compassionate conservative' credentials take a major hit with embrace of Arpaio
"Puerto Rico Air National Guard plane crashes in Georgia, killing at least five"
The digital age killed cursive. But it can't kill the signature. Here's why.
Back to the future: A new school district secession movement is gaining steam
"Justice Department heading for clash with Trump, lawmakers over Mueller probe memo"
"In 'kill list' case, judge questions government's unilateral authority to kill U.S. citizens abroad"
"In a first, Trump administration transfers inmate out of Guantanamo Bay prison"
More than 30 killed in Brazil city after officer murdered
Red Cross says female staffer abducted in Somali capital
Tensions simmer in Mexico as asylum seekers wait at border
Mexican presidential hopefuls deny rumors of alliances
Puerto Rican National Guard members killed while flying 60-year-old C-130 into retirement
'The gloves may be coming off': Shake-up of Trump legal team signals combative posture toward special counsel
'We need some new blood': Many Democrats call for next generation of House leaders
'A very steady hand': New White House lawyer brings deep experience as he enters fray of Russia investigation
