Polls close in South Carolina after Trump administration push to nominate loyalist governor
"Trump-backed S.C. governor wins GOP runoff, extending winning streak of those favored by the president"
A huge stretch of the Arctic Ocean is rapidly turning into the Atlantic. That's not a good sign.
Veteran lights himself on fire at Georgia Capitol to protest Veterans Affairs
Colombia to use herbicide drones against record coca harvest
Top House Democrat loses in upset; Trump extends his winning streak in GOP primaries
Japan space explorer arrives at asteroid to collect samples
"To Trump, Harley's tariff decision is a personal - and unexpected - betrayal"
"Virginia judge rules against Paul Manafort, will let fraud case continue"
"'When will I see you, Mama?': A family split throughout the country waits to be reunited"
"Outside the Red Hen, fire and ire on social media come to life"
'What's next?' Muslims grapple with Supreme Court ruling that they believe redefines their place in America
Immigration lawyer says ICE agent pushed her to the ground as she went to help reunite a family
HUD Secretary Ben Carson unveils 'self-sufficiency' hub at D.C. public housing complex
Women accused of poisoning NKorean scion arrive for trial
Crowley's loss leaves gaping void for next generation of Democratic leaders
A top House Democrat loses in upset; Trump extends his winning streak in GOP primaries
"Rain, high water complicate cave search for Thai soccer team"
Bahrain's Gulf neighbors to offer new aid to help economy
"In Mexico, rising 'mass crime' defies security forces"
Mexicans face 'void of proposals' on security in election
China reaffirms Taiwan threats following naval mission
"In-car technology complicates deadly, addictive issue of distracted driving"
Newly discovered film shows a polio-stricken FDR walking
Foreign critics of Trump's travel ban face a new foe: The Supreme Court
Gaza militants fire more than a dozen rockets at Israel
China hails international cooperation in cocaine bust
Bahrain says Gulf neighbors will provide economic aid
Amnesty Intl urges trials for Myanmar military over Rohingya
Thai rights lawyer get 16 months prison for Facebook post
Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez: The Democrat who challenged her party's establishment - and won
Huawei executive warns Australia risks economy with 5G ban
Foundation faceoff: The Trump Foundation vs. the Clinton Foundation
"Talks produce no deal on migrants between Merkel, allies"
Tropical forests see high loss of tree cover for 2nd year
Case against woman in murder of NKorean scion feeble: lawyer
The Latest: German boat rescuing 200 migrants remains at sea
UN's highest court begins hearing Qatar lawsuit against UAE
Can one man do it all? Turkey is about to find out
Aid group urges Jordan to open border to displaced Syrians
Polish lawmakers debate new version of Holocaust speech law
Does incivility hurt democracy? Here's what political science can tell us.
A North Korean defector paid smugglers to get her family out. China sent them back.
"Bolton, Putin to meet in the Kremlin to plan Trump-Putin summit"
"As Merkel teeters, Austria's Kurz seizes the moment as Europe's 'rock star of the new right'"
"Polish lawmakers pass changes to disputed Holocaust law, removing criminal provisions for ascribing Nazi crimes to Poles"
US envoy Haley sees opportunities for expanded India-US ties
Polish government backs away from disputed Holocaust law
Mattis positive on China talks set to discuss North Korea
Winners and losers: Joe Crowley and the Democratic Party are the big losers in Tuesday's primaries
'There is so much good to do': Trump offers a congratulatory tweet to former critic Mitt Romney
SCOTUS abortion ruling will win Trump needed points with white evangelicals
"Would-be House speaker Joe Crowley's shocking primary loss, and what it means for the Democratic Party"
"The news media usually show immigrants as dangerous criminals. That's changed - for now, at least."
"Trump comes to town, and Republicans hope he creates a red wave"
"Poland's 'Holocaust law' caused an outcry. Now, in a surprise, it's being largely reversed."
Fire rages across tinder-dry moorland in northwest England
Spirit of mythical princess looms over Thai cave crisis
Norway: $16.6 million to combat illegal deforestation
The Cybersecurity 202: Lawmakers want to force Trump to develop tough cyberwar doctrine
Tuesday night saw the defining upset of 2018
Joe Crowley got Eric Cantor-ed. Should other Democrats be worried?
Jeff Sessions ridicules child separation critics as 'lunatic fringe' living in 'gated communities'
"Montana woman with machete hides behind ex-boyfriend's door, then forces sex on him, police say"
"A newly discovered film shows Franklin D. Roosevelt, who had polio, walking"
Warplanes bomb 3 hospitals in southern Syria as Assad's army presses offensive
"India ranked world's most dangerous place for women, reigniting debate about women's safety"
Remember that Ebola outbreak in Congo? Looks like they contained it.
Poland's controversial 'Holocaust Law' set to be reversed after global outcry
The Latest: Malta allows migrant rescue ship to dock
"Moroccan protest leader, 3 others get 20-year sentences"
The Latest: Poland's Jews welcome change to Holocaust law
UN human rights monitor denounces lack of access to Myanmar
Russian-designed fighter jet crashes in India; pilots safe
The Health 202: 'We will hold you accountable.' Democrats grill Azar on family separations
The Finance 202: Trump signals unease with his own trade offensive
Will raising human rights issues really derail nuclear negotiations with North Korea?
White House wants to cut this public health service corps by nearly 40 percent
What life is like for the U.S.'s increasingly aging prison population
"Getty Images posts, then deletes 'Sexiest Fans' of the World Cup gallery"
Libyan militia leader to be sentenced in 2012 Benghazi attacks that killed U.S. ambassador
Congo looks to have contained ebola outbreak
Poland's controversial 'Holocaust Law' set to be reversed
"A prolific Japanese blogger held a seminar about Internet trolls. Moments later, one killed him, police say."
The Latest: France questions rescue ship's legality
Bolton visits Moscow to talk possible US-Russia summit
Poland scraps prison threat for blaming nation for Holocaust
Aid group urges Jordan to open border to fleeing Syrians
Greek lawmaker's defection reduces government majority
Death toll more than 200 in central Nigeria weekend clashes
The Daily 202: Crowley going down spotlights the looming Democratic identity crisis
"Trump, using ALL CAPS in a tweet, urges passage of the House GOP immigration bill"
The Energy 202: White House seeking more clean energy cuts despite congressional opposition
"Bolton, Putin meet ahead of key summit with Trump, express hope for better ties"
Japanese space probe arrives at asteroid to collect samples
Zimbabwe leader backs out of 1st rally since deadly attack
Danish leader urges Ukraine counterpart to speed up reforms
The Latest: Zimbabwe president backs out of campaign rally
The Latest: Israel Holocaust center welcomes Polish law move
Supreme Court nod to travel ban crushes Syria refugees' hope
Supreme Court rules against public unions collecting fees from nonmembers
"For some Republicans, the current immigration crisis appears to be a laughing matter"
'I simply disagree with the president': McConnell resists Trump's repeated calls to scrap the filibuster
Joe Crowley got Eric Cantor-ed. What does it mean for Democrats?
"Satellite imagery suggests 'rapid' upgrades at North Korea nuclear site, monitoring group says"
Croatian police say 26-year-old Briton killed on Pag island
The Latest: Germany hopeful EU will limit migrant movement
The Latest: Syria says it expelled IS from eastern desert
"Kremlin aide says agreement reached on holding a Vladimir Putin-Donald Trump summit, date and venue to be named"
Protest in Romania as government faces no-confidence vote
The blue wave already crashed on the Democratic Party
White House seeking more clean energy cuts despite congressional opposition
Officer who shot and killed Antwon Rose charged with criminal homicide
Bolts from the blue: Here's how lightning can strike when a storm is tens of miles away
This adopted woman scoured the country for the sister she never met - only to discover she literally lived next door
Moldovan prime minister says his government is victim in election chaos that blocked rival from office
"White House, Kremlin agree on time and place for Trump-Putin summit"
"France joins US, Russia, asks Greece for cybercrime suspect"
"Kremlin aide says time, place for Putin-Trump summit set"
France: 10 alleged extreme-right militants may face charges
Japan lawmaker slammed for calling childless people selfish
Official says Egypt police kill 4 suspected militants
The Latest: Polish Senate approves changes to Holocaust law
The Supreme Court's anti-union decision marks a clear shift in the power of working-class America
"After this week, Republicans in Congress are almost certainly done trying to overhaul immigration"
Trump in talks with former Fox News executive Shine about joining White House
Democratic leaders' response to Joe Crowley's loss: One giant shrug
"For some Republicans, the immigration crisis appears to be a laughing matter"
"In Flake's war on Trump's tariffs, president's judicial picks caught in the crossfire"
"Robert Wilkie, Trump's pick for VA secretary, to face tough questions on his past"
"'Evil' home invaders held a child under hot water to force his dad to give them money, police say"
"It took 10 years, but the Dutch far right finally managed to pass a burqa ban"
Defending champion Germany eliminated from World Cup
"Egypt, Italy say slain researcher not seen on subway video"
Romanian government survives no-confidence vote amid protest
Prince William meets Palestinians in West Bank
Supreme Court says more work needed to resolve long-running Florida-Georgia water dispute
Buzz Aldrin is suing his children. They say they are trying to protect the space legend.
Bolts from the blue: How lightning can strike when a storm is miles away
Libyan militia leader gets 22-year sentence in Benghazi attacks that killed U.S. ambassador
This teenager faced hanging for killing her rapist husband. But a Sudanese court just lightened her sentence.
Aid ship carrying 234 migrants docks in Maltese port following agreement among 8 European nations to accept refugees
Watchdog gets authority to assign blame in chemical attacks
"The Latest: Migrant aid ship in Malta harbor, to be seized"
German fans stunned by World Cup elimination
"'It's the message, not the messenger': Rep. Steve King refuses to delete Nazi sympathizer retweet"
"Justice Kennedy, the pivotal swing vote on the Supreme Court, announces retirement"
Congressional Black Caucus rallies behind Maxine Waters as feud over civility continues
HUD staffer who complained about Carson's redecorating resigns under protest
House rejects immigration bill pushed by Trump in last-minute tweet
The Supreme Court's 'travel ban' decision is what you'd expect if this were a normal presidency
Trump adviser sees having Putin summit as 'a deliverable'
US-backed Arab countries blamed for child deaths in Yemen
The Latest: Poland's PM defends Holocaust law as educative
"Mattis, China leaders strike positive tone despite tensions"
Western powers worry over transfer of Libyan oil terminals
Heavy summer rainstorms trigger floods in Greece
"In his final term, Kennedy voted much like whoever will replace him"
The GOP reaps its reward for selling its soul to Trump
The Supreme Court just dealt unions a big blow in Janus. Here's what you need to know about the political fallout.
Jared Polis's win expands the list of LGBT candidates winning primaries
Melania Trump's Zara jacket is selling for insane prices on secondhand sites
Interior Department plans to let people kill endangered red wolves
"The case against civility, in five charts"
Oklahoma voters just approved one of the most progressive medical marijuana bills in the country
"Mattis seeks to defuse tensions during visit to China, but gaps remain"
Furious final day of campaigning before Mexico's elections
Moroccan protest leader's 20-year sentence sets off marches
Pence pledges support to Venezuelans until democracy returns
The Latest: Tip alleges chem weapons transport in Syria
"'It's the message, not the messenger': Rep. Steve King refuses to delete Nazi-sympathizer retweet"
Trump and Putin agree to a summit in hopes of soothing U.S.-Russia tensions
Who's on President Trump's list to replace Justice Kennedy?
This is the week Mitch McConnell was waiting for
VA nominee Robert Wilkie pledges 'agile and adaptive' health care system for veterans
A super-bright Saturn coincides with the Strawberry moon. Here's where to see it.
'Preparing for the worst': Unions brace for loss of members and fees in wake of Supreme Court ruling
Are the teachers unions really as powerful as all that?
"It's a comet! No, it's an asteroid! No, it's an alien spaceship! (Actually, it's a comet.)"
Ingredients for life discovered gushing out of Saturn's moon
"Tornado injures 8 in Kansas town, part of towering, 'jaw-dropping' complex of storms (Photos)"
How the Supreme Court struck down a WWII-era travesty when it upheld Trump's travel ban
"Austria's Sebastian Kurz, seeking to be a power player in Europe, could help bring down Germany's Merkel"
Senate Democrats urge Pence to discuss Assange with Ecuador
Lawyer: Russian activist arrested after acquittal reversed
Control of the Senate just became that much more important. Here's where things stand.
Republicans plan to confirm Trump's Supreme Court pick before the November elections
Democrats' bogus argument about what the GOP said about Supreme Court nominees in an election year
Writer of anti-Trump texts tells lawmakers bias never affected his work
Buzz Aldrin is suing his children. They say they are trying to protect the legendary astronaut.
Officer who shot and killed Antwon Rose is charged with criminal homicide
'Dark day for German football' after World Cup elimination
New protest in northern Greece against Macedonia name deal
Democrats vote to limit voting power of 'superdelegates'
Control of the Senate just became that much more important. Here is where things stand.
Democrats' bogus argument about what the GOP said on election-year Supreme Court vacancies
Writer of anti-Trump texts at FBI tells lawmakers bias never affected his work
East Pittsburgh officer who shot and killed Antwon Rose charged with criminal homicide
Rescuers face scrutiny as 234 migrants reach safe haven
'A shot of adrenaline': Both parties use Supreme Court vacancy as a rallying cry
McConnell and Republicans all smiles with a Supreme Court vacancy to fill
'Failure is not an option': VA nominee Robert Wilkie told to fix the agency's morale crisis
"In Flake's war on Trump tariffs, judicial picks are caught in the crossfire"
Students sue University of Notre Dame for restricting access to some birth control
"UN: 10,000 children killed, maimed in conflicts worldwide"
