Trump's visit to Iraq prompts concerns about politicization of military
"Indonesia raises alert, widens danger zone around volcano"
"Congress punts shutdown into new year, when Democrats will retake the House"
Father whose son died in custody knew bringing him would ease entry into U.S.
Thailand acquits deputy PM in luxury watch scandal
Poet fears for his people as China 'Sinicizes' religion
Are fertility drugs safe? The industry says yes; critics worry they're overprescribed.
Did Trump violate Iraq's sovereignty when visiting U.S. troops there?
WorldViews: A Frenchman is traversing the Atlantic Ocean in a barrel. He packed foie gras and wine.
WorldViews: This man just crossed Antarctica alone - and in record time
The Latest: Autopsy: Dead Guatemalan boy had influenza
Bahrain to resume work at embassy in Syria after UAE move
Wife of Chinese human rights lawyer protests his treatment
Hui poet fears for his people as China 'Sinicizes' religion
AP Interview: Congo leader says nothing can prevent election
Bangladesh's growth-minded iron lady vies for re-election
"Syria's military says it has entered the flash-point Kurdish-held town of Manbij, where Turkey has threatened offensive"
Weather hampers efforts to inspect Indonesia tsunami volcano
New scandal around fired Macron aide troubles France
Syria Kurdish militia invites government to seize Manbij
Japan shows video of alleged radar lock-on by SKorea warship
Recent protests in Sudan are much more than bread riots
Syria military takes control of flash-point Kurdish-led town
Burkina Faso says 10 gendarmes killed in ambush near Mali
The Latest: Russia welcomes Syria entry into Kurdish town
A Chinese alternative medicine empire is under fire after doctors say it gave jujube tea to a 4-year old cancer patient
"While Washington focuses on the wall, Mexico fears its own border crisis"
Pakistani court summons ex-president in money launder case
The Latest: Kurdish official says Syria has not taken Manbij
Eritrea closes border crossings to Ethiopian travelers
Albania's PM makes Cabinet reshuffle after student protest
Boat with 300 migrants arrives in Spain after week at sea
Slovenia's Kosi airlifted off downhill course after crash
The Latest: FM says Russia wants US clarification on Syria
"Vatican official urges Iraq's Christians to forgive, rebuild"
Syria military says it entered flash-point Kurdish-led town
"Germany, France press Russia to free Ukrainian sailors"
Answering a quick video call to help a blind person is 'so awesome'
German politicians propose a 'religion tax' for Muslims to counter extremism
The Latest: Protesters in Congo's Ebola zone demand to vote
Bosnian prosecutors charge 8 with war crimes against Serbs
Britain: Men found guilty of murder in insurance fraud
The Latest: Turkey says YPG can't ask Syria to take Manbij
How Russia's military intelligence agency became the covert muscle in Putin's duels with the West
Macedonian president urges rejection of Greece name deal
AP Interview: Congo leader warns of Ebola vote 'disaster'
The Latest: Congo voting uproar 'badly disturbs' Ebola work
Thousands demonstrate in Sudan against Bashir's rule
Pakistani police detain suspects in politician's killing
Trump threatens to shut down southern border as government funding stalemate drags on
Syrian army says its troops enter Kurdish-held Manbij to thwart Turkish offensive
Romanian president keeps army chief amid warship debate
Protests as Congo leader warns of Ebola vote 'disaster'
The Latest: US-led coalition says no Syrian troops in Manbij
Bosnian prosecutors charge 13 with war crimes against Serbs
The Latest: Oxfam suspends Ebola work amid Congo protests
Ruth Bader Ginsburg was inspired by a forgotten female trailblazer
"For women who attend elite colleges, pay and marriage have ups and downs"
"Hackers strike San Diego school system, potentially exposing data of 500,000-plus students"
The arc of this civil rights leader's life has always bent toward justice
How much is Hitler's birth home worth? Its longtime owner says $1.7 million.
Extremists seize Nigerian town and key military base
"Official: Guatemalan boy who died in U.S. custody tested positive for influenza B, final cause of death remains under investigation"
Analysis: Bashar al-Assad was a diplomatic outcast. Now former Arab adversaries are restoring ties.
Chinese alternative medicine empire under fire after doctors say it gave jujube tea to a 4-year old cancer patient
"Richard Overton, World War II veteran and America's oldest man, dies at 112"
Bashar al-Assad was a diplomatic outcast. Now former Arab adversaries are restoring ties.
Vatican hears testimony from alleged McCarrick abuse victim
The Latest: Turkey-backed Syrians brace for key town clash
The Latest: UK stops 12 migrants heading to English shore
Indicted Russian firm says Mueller has collected 'nude selfie' in probe
Chinese alternative medicine empire under fire after doctors say it gave jujube tea to a 4-year-old cancer patient
'What an absolute disgrace': E.U. citizens react angrily to British government's Brexit settlement video
Italy's foreign minister to visit Washington on Jan. 3-4
The Latest: WHO warns against Congo 'prolonged insecurity'
"World Health Organization chief warns ""prolonged insecurity"" in Congo could erase gains in deadly Ebola outbreak"
Syria claims it has entered a disputed Kurdish-held town
"Bomb strikes tourist bus near Egypt's Giza pyramids, kills 2"
Trump threatens to shut down the border 'entirely.' Here's why he can't do that.
Trump's job is about to get much harder with divided government
Pompeo heading to Brazil for inauguration of far-right president
Protests as Congo leader warns of Ebola election 'disaster'
Brazil's leftist parties to boycott Bolsonaro's inauguration
7 children die in Mexico City house fire
Syria claims it has entered key Kurdish-held town
Hoyer says House will not seat a North Carolina Republican amid questions about integrity of election
Trump is staying in Washington during the shutdown. Where are the congressional leaders?
Lawyer: McCarrick repeatedly touched youth during confession
The 'blue water' Navy veterans of the Vietnam War battle Agent Orange
Wyoming ranks as the worst state for drunken driving
"How did America's oldest WWII veteran live to 112? Cigars, whiskey and ice cream - every day."
EPA to make it harder to tighten mercury rules in the future
Winter storm blasts Lower 48 with blizzard conditions and flooding rain
A teacher makes 2019 education predictions - some he 'desperately' hopes won't come true
There's a sports league for just about everything in D.C. - even drinking
Trump used her slain daughter to rail against illegal immigration. She chose a different path.
'Slam gave me the ammunition': Black Brazilians deploy spoken poetry against Jair Bolsonaro
7 children die in pre-dawn house fire in Mexico City
China releases detained Canadian teacher Sarah McIver
Israeli PM visits Brazil ahead of Bolsonaro inauguration
Kurds seek help from Syrians as US prepares to withdraw
Syrian army says its troops have entered Kurdish-held Manbij to thwart Turkish offensive
Ecuador bans most fireworks from the Galapagos archipelago
