Omarosa Manigault Newman's publisher responds to Trump campaign attorney: We won't bow to 'hollow legal threats'
Trump gears up to strip more clearances from officials tied to Russia investigation
"Pentagon may delay Trump's military parade, originally slated for November, to next year"
Trump gives the military more latitude to use offensive cyber tools against adversaries
3 Chilean airplanes grounded by bomb threats
New footage gives a glimpse of California's deadly fire tornado
Rash of overdoses show dangers of powerful synthetic drugs
"Florida lawsuit seeks Spanish translation of ballots, alleges voting rights violations for Puerto Ricans"
Bo Burnham&#8217;s dead-on film &#8220;Eighth Grade&#8221; is about more than the angst of eighth grade
Watch this frightening new footage of California&#8217;s violent fire tornado
"&#8216;The kids are my life,&#8217; a dad said of his missing family. Then he was charged with killing them."
"Chinese plane skids off Manila runway in downpour, all safe"
"India's Vajpayee, who set off nuke race and peace, has died"
Mattis says further Taliban assaults likely in weeks ahead
Chilean officials: Flights hit by wave of false bomb threats
Amnesty condemns Indonesia police killings ahead of games
"Judge finds conspiracy to kill Kim with VX, women to testify"
AP PHOTOS: Families of Peru's disappeared hope for answers
"TS Ernesto aims at Ireland, Hurricane Lane forms in Pacific"
China's dystopian rule over a Muslim minority
"Plane skids off rainy Manila runway, rips off engine, wheel"
"Afghan president visits key city, week after Taliban raid"
Has Russia hacked into Florida's election system? There's no evidence.
Pakistan confirms US suspended military training program
Asian shares gain on growing hopes for China trade talks
Indians pay homage to former PM Vajpayee before cremation
"Bus overturns on German highway, 16 hurt"
Global shares mostly higher on hopes for China trade talks
Spain remembers terror attacks that killed 16 in Catalonia
Large pieces of rubble removed 3 days after bridge collapse
IS deadly new front in Pakistan's decades-old terror war
Hamburg sells off former houses for refugees
"In Uganda, a pop star takes on a president, at his peril"
"No, one-third of African Americans don't support Trump. Not even close."
India cast millions of Muslims as illegal immigrants. Their legal battles are just beginning.
The Latest: Italy bridge survivor describes 'unreal silence'
People plucked from rooftops after India floods kill 164
"Iraq says its warplanes hit IS targets in Syria, killing 28"
"US threatens more sanctions, keeping alive Turkish crisis"
This new history of Uganda is a must-read
The Cybersecurity 202: Trump just gave the military a lot more leeway to launch cyber operations
This new survey finds that Britons really don&#8217;t like Theresa May. Will that help Boris Johnson?
"Study: When a city&#8217;s trashy lots are cleaned up, residents' mental health improves"
The U.S. could spend $92 million on a parade - or put it back into U.N. peacekeeping
Pakistani lawmakers gather to elect Imran Khan as PM
"3 people hurt, 9 cows killed in car-cattle collision in UK"
Germany in deal with Greece over taking back some migrants
Crews remove major rubble 3 days after Italy bridge collapse
Trump blames D.C. officials for postponing his planned military parade
The Daily 202: Bernie and Hillary who? Democratic Senate hopefuls sidestep personalities to run on policy
Former intelligence officials rebuke Trump for pulling Brennan's security clearance
The top 10 governor's races of 2018 heavily favor Democrats
"Trump's security clearance action against Brennan poses threat to many, demonstrates need for due process"
Has Russia hacked into Florida's election system? There is no evidence.
"Taxpayers' bill for Trump Jr.'s business trip to India: $29,000 and counting, documents show"
"Greek bailout ends, but Europe's debt problem goes on"
The Latest: Turkey court rejects release of US pastor
UK lawmakers urge government to relax rules on e-cigarettes
Woman whose family perished in Greek fire files lawsuit
Manafort jury enters second day of deliberations
Trump blames D.C. officials for postponing his military parade; Bowser responds his plan was 'sad'
Trump needles Andrew Cuomo some more for saying 'America was never that great'
Californians rally around couple who allegedly started deadly Carr Fire: 'It could have happened to any of us'
Abe Lincoln&#8217;s library faces so much debt that it&#8217;s considering selling his stuff - including his hat and gloves
The ultimate code-switcher: How a black detective used the n-word to infiltrate the KKK
Substance in dug up Egyptian jar 'most ancient' cheese
UN rights chief condemns Bosnian Serb decision on Srebrenica
"Survivor, shaken, describes plunge off bridge in Italy"
"Stop calling the Mormon Church &#8216;Mormon,&#8217; says church leader. &#8216;LDS&#8217; is out, too."
"Taxpayers' bill for Trump Jr.'s business trip to India: $32,000 and counting, documents show"
Sri Lanka police query ex-president over abducted journalist
The Latest: Trump warns Turkey over detained pastor
German charged over alleged combat role in Afghan Taliban
Could Brazil's Lula really run? It's not likely
Pakistani lawmakers elect Imran Khan as prime minister
The &#8216;King of Rock and Roll&#8217; and the &#8216;Queen of Soul&#8217; died on same day - four decades apart
Hailing the New York Times: Trump loves his hometown paper &#8212; sometimes
"Centrist Democrat sees &#8216;problem&#8217; in party leaders&#8217; rising ages, declines to say if he would support Pelosi for speaker"
How Trump's security-clearance gambit could actually get him in deeper trouble with Mueller
"With one month left in primary season, what is the left winning?"
Michigan legislator apologizes for racial slurs against Asian American opponent
"Aretha Franklin, Live at the Fillmore West &#8217;71: The Week In One Concert"
Trump blames D.C. officials for postponement of his military parade; Bowser responds his plan was 'sad'
Trump says he plans to revoke security clearance for Justice Dept. official Bruce Ohr 'very quickly'
Trump defends Manafort as jury begins second day of deliberations
Omarosa embraces the defining tactic of this era: Revelation water torture
Hurricane Lane rapidly intensifying on its way to becoming a Category 4
"Hurricane Lane, intensifying quickly, is on its way to becoming a Category 4 storm in the Pacific Ocean"
Hundreds of animals are dying in red tide. These people are trying to save them.
"New York, California bills look to hold police, prosecutors more accountable"
"'No Miss America should be humiliated': Before giving up crown, Cara Mund blasts pageant leadership"
"&#8216;No Miss America should be humiliated&#8217;: Before giving up crown, Cara Mund blasts pageant leadership"
Trump defends Manafort as jury continues second day of deliberations
Hailing the New York Times: Trump loves his hometown paper - sometimes
Stunning aerial photos of the worst drought in Australia's living memory
"It's too darn hot in Colombia. To cope, this official advises no sex in the afternoon."
"Signs that North Korea is planning something big for September: Blocked visas, parade practice and haircuts"
"Sorry, Dutch Pastafarians, but you still can't wear a colander on your government ID ... yet"
1 in 7 Canadian cannabis users has driven high at least once in the past 3 months
U.S. sanctions Myanmar military commanders and units for their role in 'ethnic cleansing'
Anger engulfs families as Italy buries its bridge victims
"Peru, Ecuador tighten requirements for Venezuela migrants"
Stocks jump as hopes rise for progress on China trade talks
Armenia's new PM marks 100 days in office with giant rally
"Al-Qaida bomb master killed in US strike, officials say"
"Here are the House seats most likely to flip, according to election rating systems"
Manafort jury ends second day of deliberations after Trump defends his ex-campaign chair
Trump administration is stopping funding for Syria reconstruction efforts
Austria's far-right government ordered a raid on its own intelligence service. Now allies are freezing the country out.
Italy acts to revoke contract in bridge collapse in Genoa
The Latest: Moody's cuts Turkey's credit rating further
