Orrin Hatch dismisses Trump hush money allegations
"At the Mexican border, U.S. sees a big increase in migrants claiming fear for their safety"
"A woman wanted to carry out a mass killing - so she contacted Dylann Roof, authorities say"
"'Immediate responses' are needed to save lives in Yemen, U.N. and aid groups say"
Huawei executive fights for release in Canada bail hearing that will continue into third day
What Macron said he'd do to boost taxpayer purchasing power
Senators to try condemning Saudi crown prince for journalist's killing
Sheriffs group remains unsatisfied with sentencing bill
'There was no Plan B': Trump scrambles to find chief of staff after top candidate turns him down
Senators to try formally condemning Saudi crown prince for journalist's killing
First charter school teacher strike suspended after union wins concessions in Chicago
Education Department to fix problems in popular grant program for teachers
'Two Grinches' caught on video stealing a Salvation Army Christmas kettle
"At Mexico border, U.S. sees surge in migrants claiming fear of harm in home countries"
US to return 3 bells seized from Philippines a century ago
Sydney teen jailed for planning attack
New Zealand law to make medical marijuana widely available
The Latest: Theresa May postpones vote on Brexit deal
Cubans fly around the world hunting shopping bargains
US Marines declare 5 missing crew members dead in warplanes crash last week off Japan's coast; say search has ended
Is it time to scrap Brexit?
U.S. Marines abandon search for five missing aircrew after crash near Japan
US returns 3 war bells seized from Philippines a century ago
5 missing Marines declared dead in warplanes crash off Japan
Suicide bomber kills 4 security forces near Afghan capital
Fact-checking President Trump's volley of weekend tweets
German paper: Putin had East German Stasi identity card
UN says Islamic State kills 6 captives in Libya
US returns 3 disputed bells taken in 1901 to Philippines
EU Commission chief Juncker says 'no room whatsoever for renegotiation' of Brexit deal
May in the Netherlands as she fights to save Brexit deal
European court: ECB bond purchases in line with EU law
Kremlin scoffs at US criticism of bombers in Venezuela
Should Johannesburg Zoo's last elephant stay or go?
Leaders return to Poland for final push at UN climate talks
Countries detail plans after adopting UN migration accord
The 2020 presidential election could determine whether Trump faces consequences for alleged crimes
Mia Love is right. The loss of black Republicans in Congress really could hurt the party with black voters.
A tiny village in Colombia slowly comes back to life
Spain grapples with surging number of teenage migrants
"France counts costs of protests, new measures"
Carbon conscious: how one man is shrinking his footprint
Anti-India rebel attack leaves 3 police dead in Kashmir
Japan draft defense plan seeks aircraft carrier for US jets
Iran confirms missile test that angered US
Republicans in Wisconsin and Michigan want to weaken incoming Democratic governors. Here&#8217;s what&#8217;s the usual partisan politics &#8212; and what isn&#8217;t.
Power Up: Jump Ball: Trump's tough decisions on a border wall and a new chief of staff
Senators to question Trump's border security chief about immigration policies
"Fire at Rome waste treatment plant sparks fears, precautions"
Russian National Guard chief sues opposition leader Navalny
US returns 3 disputed bells taken from Philippines in 1901
Pakistan's anti-graft body arrests opposition politician
Briton arrested in Egypt for spying charges says he is free
The Cybersecurity 202: Republicans and Democrats are feuding over the Equifax breach
International peacebuilding really can build peace - but perhaps not how you expect
'I can see myself carrying out this operation': Feds say man was planning synagogue attack for ISIS
Justices won't review rulings that blocked efforts to end Planned Parenthood funding
"Aging headlights pose a risk for motorists and pedestrians, AAA says"
U.S. energy secretary pledges American support to wean Iraq off Iranian gas
Thai government lifts politics bans ahead of polls
The Latest: May holds Brexit talks with Germany's Merkel
China's auto sales fall in November for fifth month
UK's May lobbies EU leaders in fight to save Brexit deal
"Russian military: 114,000 Syrian refugees returned this year"
The Latest: Brazil says it will meet 2020 climate targets
The Technology 202: Here's your guide to the Google hearing
The Finance 202: China sends warning to U.S. businesses with iPhone ban
"Across five tweets, Trump makes a meandering case for border wall funding"
The Health 202: Trump administration poised to crack down on health providers that are trying to lower costs
"Will the violent &#8216;yellow vest&#8217; protests backfire? Not necessarily, our research finds."
"Britain's May is seeking Brexit concessions, but Europe is not playing along"
The Latest: German court rejects case against migration pact
Lebanon: Israel destroying border tunnels won't affect calm
Russian official offers to unveil correspondence with US
Kenyan police: Key suspect in Italian's kidnapping arrested
Indonesia rejects rebels' demand on Papua independence talks
"The Energy 202: Trump's border wall would hurt Texas wildlife, government experts warned"
The Daily 202: Two in three Republicans would rather see a shutdown than Trump compromise on the border wall
Former Canadian diplomat reported missing in China following arrest of Huawei executive
The Latest: Germany reluctant to host 2019 climate talks
"Italy's far-right minister visits Israel, drawing criticism"
Rome's trash troubles turn into emergency after blaze
"Russia says 114,000 Syrian refugees repatriated in 2018"
McConnell to bring up criminal-justice bill for a Senate vote
Kellyanne Conway says Rep.-elect Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez 'doesn't seem to know much about anything'
The GOP's contortions to defend Trump - as epitomized by Orrin Hatch
"Americans are souring Trump's handling of the Russia probe, while he's counting on them to disregard it"
Majority Leader Mitch McConnell says Senate will vote this month on bill to overhaul criminal justice system
"Americans, reality generally disagree with Trump's strategy on border wall funding"
This toy factory is run by volunteers who give away all the toys for free
Former Canadian diplomat missing in China following arrest of Huawei executive
The Latest: Yemen's warring sides set date for prisoner swap
Former Canadian diplomat reportedly arrested in China
"Yemen's warring government and Houthi rebels set Jan. 20 for swap of more than 15,000 prisoners from both sides"
The CIA persuaded senators of Saudi prince's guilt. Kushner says no conclusion has been reached.
'Does Nikolas Cruz Deserve to Die?' asked a reading quiz given to students 10 minutes from the Parkland shooting
"Neo-Nazis gathered to mourn a dead leader. Then they attacked a black DJ, police say."
"This robot has the human touch, and it wants to hear your woes"
"Interior Dept. officials downplayed federal wildlife experts' concerns about Trump's border wall, documents show"
'I can see myself carrying out this operation.' Feds say man was planning synagogue attack for ISIS.
"Trump administration to condemn China over hacking and economic espionage, escalating tensions between superpowers"
Theresa May locked in a vehicle: A Brexit metaphor?
Russia: Putin says he only heard of alleged spy after arrest
"Putin, opposition gather to honor prominent rights activist"
Space station crew to inspect mysterious hole on spacewalk
New Brazil government to pull out of UN migration accord
Rebel: Yemen's warring sides set Jan. 20 for prisoner swap
The Latest: Pacific islands urge bold action on climate
More Americans blame the media for the negative tone in politics than blame Trump
"Wall negotiations devolve into on-camera shouting match between Trump, Pelosi and Schumer"
Sen. Kamala Harris to remain on Judiciary Committee after deal cut with Republicans
Kellyanne Conway: Rep.-elect Ocasio-Cortez 'doesn't seem to know much about anything'
"Woman who wanted to commit mass murder wrote to Dylann Roof, officials say"
"At border, U.S. sees a big increase in migrants claiming fear for their safety"
A bungled case let a child killer go free. Police waited 32 years for another chance.
'We're white men. We did everything': Columbia condemns student's tirade targeting minorities
Gap continues to widen between Trump and intelligence community on key issues
'A major embarrassment': Indian voters sour on Modi's party in state polls
Does Britain regret Brexit? Crisis and confusion leaves country even more divided.
Former Canadian diplomat's disappearance in China adds new twist to Huawei executive's detention
The United States isn't the only country downplaying climate change
"A 17th-century silver mace was snatched in Parliament, and it explains so much about Brexit"
"Fireworks accident kills 5, wounds 9 in Mexico"
Trump's arguments for necessity of border wall have already been broadly debunked
Key Democratic lawmaker objects to Redskins stadium on federal land
"Kelly to remain as White House chief of staff through Jan. 2 or longer, official says"
"Trump's extraordinary Oval Office squabble with Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi, annotated"
"Trump, Pelosi and Schumer have on-camera shouting match as wall talks break down"
As many Americans blame the media for the negative tone in politics as blame Trump
Sen. Kamala D. Harris to remain on Judiciary Committee after deal cut with Republicans
"The Arctic has lost 95 percent of its oldest, thickest ice in three decades, federal scientists report"
"Former Canadian diplomat detained in China, source says"
The Latest: Former Canadian diplomat detained in China
"The Latest: May says UK, EU have 'shared determination'"
Stumbling bloc: How did Brexit become such a mess?
"Gunman opens fire in Brazil cathedral, kills at least 4"
"Post-prison, ex-Trump aide George Papadopoulos looks to reboot through new docuseries"
U.S. military abandons search for five missing Marines after crash near Japan
"At this school, the inclusive culture matters as much as the curriculum"
'I took her life': Teen football player arrested in death of pregnant team manager
Bad score on the PSAT (or any other standardized test)? Blame brain chemistry.
"Top U.S. border official defends use of tear gas, says walls are 'important tool'"
"Canadian ex-diplomat detained in China, official confirms"
The Latest: UN chief returning to press for climate deal
The cost of France's protests running into billions
The Latest: Canada raises detention of citizen with China
UN science panel chief calls for more action to curb warming
"Democrats finally went after Trump, face to face"
'It's like a manhood thing for him': Pelosi comments on Trump and his wall
Is there a double standard for Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez?
'Truth isn't truth': Rudy Giuliani's flub tops 2018's quotes of the year
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi questions Trump&#8217;s manhood after confrontational White House meeting
"At least three dead, thousands without power after historic snowstorm in North Carolina"
Does Britain regret Brexit? Crisis and confusion leave country more divided.
Does Britain regret Brexit? Crisis and confusion leave country even more divided.
Former Canadian diplomat's detention in China adds new twist to Huawei executive's arrest
The Latest: US condemns detention of Canadian in China
"Gunman kills 4, then himself, after Mass at Brazil cathedral"
Suspect in Rwanda genocide home after Denmark extradites him
Honduran lawmaker pleads guilty to drug charges in US
French media report shooting in Strasbourg
"Russia says 114,000 Syrians returned home in 2018"
"Manafort attorneys may not contest that he broke his plea deal, they tell judge"
Instability and populist unrest is the new world order
Trump's promises to get people to pay for the border wall keep coming up empty
'There were times I didn't have a lot to do.' Trump loyalist at VA forced out after collecting pay but doing little work
"At least 2 killed and 8 injured near Christmas market in Strasbourg, France"
The Latest: France opens terror probe in Strasbourg shooting
French prosecutor's office says terror investigation opened in Strasbourg shooting
"France shooting: 2 dead, several wounded in Strasbourg"
Spacewalking astronauts check site of capsule leak
"France's interior minister says suspect in Strasbourg shooting has been identified, has criminal record"
"Stormy Daniels ordered to pay Trump $293,000 for legal fees in failed defamation suit"
"While Trump and Schumer blustered, Pelosi illustrated her case for a 'woman at the table'"
Congresswoman to Google CEO: Why when I search 'idiot' do I get pictures of Trump?
Those 44 former senators are demanding a Senate that no longer exists
"At least 2 killed and 11 injured near Christmas market in Strasbourg, France"
The Latest: Official: Strasbourg death toll rises to 4
"Police officials: Suspect in Strasbourg shootings was shot and wounded before fleeing scene, remains at large."
French police official says 4 killed in Strasbourg shooting; authorities tried to arrest gunman before attack
UK's May hits narrowing road for help rescuing Brexit deal
Ex-Argentina VP Boudou released from prison despite sentence
'It's now or never': Trump faces a moment of truth on his border wall
Sen. Joe Manchin to take top Democratic slot on Energy committee amid uproar on left
Trump loyalist at VA forced out after collecting pay but doing little work
Trump administration asks Supreme Court to allow enforcement of asylum ban
The Trailer: The 2020 Democrats are already struggling in the media primary
Administration asks Supreme Court to allow enforcement of asylum ban
Trump loyalist at Veterans Affairs is forced out after collecting pay but doing little work
#PoolPatrolPaula has pleaded guilty to assaulting black teen she kicked out of swimming pool
Prosecutors drop charges against New York mother whose baby was yanked away by police
"U.S. to condemn China over hacking, economic espionage"
Jailed Huawei executive granted bail in Canada ahead of possible extradition to U.S.
"Four shot dead, four injured in Sao Paolo cathedral"
"At least 4 killed and 8 injured near Christmas market in Strasbourg, France"
Mexico cancels February bidding round on oil concessions
The Latest: Long effort to save Strasbourg victim recounted
A Canadian judge has granted bail to a Chinese executive facing possible extradition to the U.S.
"Unfinished business: UN migrant pact inked, but foes remain"
