Trump lashes out over Russia probe in angry and error-laden tweetstorm
Puerto Rico's power company to slash energy reserves amid cash shortfall
"Jim Bridwell, free-spirited climber who conquered Yosemite, dies at 73"
Puerto Rico to slash energy reserves amid cash shortfall
He survived the Florida school shooting. He vows not to return to classes until gun laws change.
Let's hear it for the Dragonslayer's Society and other not-so-scholarly pursuits
"Funeral after funeral, an emotional marathon for survivors of the Parkland school shooting"
"Teachers say Florida suspect's problems started in middle school, and the system tried to help him"
"Sharing stories from decades ago, older women find their place in #MeToo"
Pakistan cricketer-turned-politician Khan marries 3rd time
Philippines: Risks rising with China challenging US at sea
Indonesia's Sinabung volcano unleashes towering ash column
Sick tricks! Big Air bounds into Olympics on a high note
"Iranian rescue teams find site, wreckage from plane crash"
Main chapel unaffected by weekend fire at Tibetan monastery
Pakistan cricketer turned politician Khan marries 3rd time
Wardrobe issues causes Olympic stress for French skaters
The Latest: Turkey detains 786 for Syria offensive criticism
Syrian TV: Pro-government forces to enter Kurdish enclave
"Q&A: Meldonium, the drug in Russia's Olympic doping case"
"Syrian TV: Pro-government forces to enter Kurdish enclave of Afrin ""within hours,"" which may prompt Turkish pullout"
IS claims responsibility for church shooting in Russia
"The Oxfam scandal shows that, yes, nonprofits can behave badly. So why aren't they overseen like for-profits?"
Philippine police arrest suspected Islamic State recruiter in Manila
AP PHOTOS: Shadows and light at the Pyeongchang Olympics
"Iraq's Shiite-led force: Militants disguised in army uniforms ambush paramilitary troops north of Baghdad, killing 27"
Gambia president announces moratorium on death penalty
ECB orders halt in payments by Latvian bank ABLV
"To win 'hearts and minds' in Afghanistan, some aid programs worked better than others"
'It shatters our spirits': Deadly bomb attacks in Afghanistan leave street cleaners with a gruesome task
"IS ambushes Iraqi Shiite-led force, killing 27 fighters"
Caricature of Thai scholar raises money for dissidents
France argues World Court has no jurisdiction in graft case
Oxfam says staff intimidated witnesses in Haiti sex scandal
Police arrest 5 who killed orangutan in Borneo with air gun
Egypt: 3 troops killed in anti-militant operation in Sinai
Zimbabwe's opposition leader died. Here's what you need to know.
"One day, a serious athlete couldn't walk straight. Doctors were stumped."
The higher education legacy of our presidents - and how to carry that forward
Deadly bombings leave Afghan street cleaners a gruesome task
Analysis: Some Afghan aid progroms won 'hearts and minds' better than others
Shiffrin drops out of Olympic downhill after schedule change
Maldives president seeks extension of state of emergency
Philippine forces arrest alleged ex-Islamic State commander
Turkey warns it may hit Syrian troops in Kurdish enclave
Moroccan king orders inquiry into deadly train crash
"Pope backs down, OKs resignation of divisive Nigerian bishop"
AP PHOTOS: Highlights of Day 10 at the Pyeongchang Olympics
Maldives president seeks extension to state of emergency
Iranian rescuers find wreckage from plane crash
2 Kuwait royals sentenced for insulting parliament speaker
Olympic curling world stunned by Russian doping scandal
Why Parkland students have emerged as a powerful political voice
"In the war against election meddling, Italy takes the lead"
French government presents plan to protect wolves
The Latest: Syrian strikes on rebel stronghold kill 18
Bodies found in Mexico belong to 2 kidnapped federal agents
17 killed in garbage dump collapse in Mozambique
Trump expresses support for senators' gun bill
The small gun shop that sold the weapon to the alleged high school shooter 'closes indefinitely.'
"Uber Eats driver on the run after a customer was shot and killed, police say"
British judge sentences prolific pedophile to 32 years
"Once again, US will meet Canada for women's hockey gold"
Catalan politicians in Spanish court in secession probe
Kuwait invites Philippines leader to visit amid tensions
Qatari envoy says both Israel and Gaza militants want calm
"Trump lashes out at Oprah Winfrey on Twitter, calling her 'insecure'"
"In our eyes, Google's software sees heart attack risk"
Trump Jr. to give foreign policy speech while on 'unofficial' business trip to India
Scandals highlight Israeli leader's media obsession
Israeli gas company announces $15B export deal with Egypt
Pakistan minister defends planned deployment to Saudi Arabia
What Trump left out of his tweets about Facebook and Russia
A psychologist was accused of raping a patient. Now he is dead.
"Max Desfor, Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist who captured wartime desperation, dies at 104"
"In the war against election interference, Italy takes the lead"
Turkey warns as Syrian government poised to enter Afrin
Court video shows kidnapped model revisiting scenes of crime
Tom Ridge is lucky to be alive: 'I'm told I flatlined three times'
"Trump lashes out at Oprah on Twitter, calling her 'insecure'"
KFC restaurants in the U.K. have a problem. They don't have chicken.
Israeli settler leader says settlements grew rapidly in 2017
Ex-workers at Russian 'troll factory' trust US indictment
The Latest: Turkey denies reports that Syria will aid Kurds
"For the weary White House, Florida shooting offered a 'reprieve' from scandals"
"Gun found in bag of Trump motorcade driver, Secret Service says"
Cubs' Anthony Rizzo on speaking at Parkland shooting vigil: 'Hardest thing I've ever had to do'
The small gun shop that sold the weapon to the alleged Florida high school shooter 'closes indefinitely.'
Maldives president wants vote to extend state of emergency
All of American history fits in the lifespan of only three presidents
Washington and Lincoln were great presidents. But only one was a great poet.
Rio could be 'laboratory' for solving Brazil's crime crisis
Judge grants $300M loan for Puerto Rico power company
Experts: Vast underwater archeology site imperiled in Mexico
'It's not fast enough. It's not big enough. There's not enough action.'
'Selfless service': JROTC remembers three slain in Florida high school shooting
Some places flourished in the Little Ice Age. There are lessons for us now.
Pennsylvania Supreme Court draws 'much more competitive' district map to overturn Republican gerrymander
Another House Republican announces retirement plans
All of American history fits in the life span of only three presidents
A Texas council member advocated for banning Islam in schools. He refuses to resign.
Turkey warns Syria against protecting Kurdish fighters
Italy is in the vanguard of the war against Russian election interference
Philippine police arrest man suspected of recruiting for the Islamic State
Experts: Underwater archaeology site imperiled in Mexico
"Lawmaker who led #MeToo push invited staffer to play spin the bottle, complaint says"
"Trump accuser keeps telling her story, hoping someone will finally listen"
"Uber Eats driver charged with murder in the shooting death of a customer, police say"
Bad bedside manner: Bank loans signed in the hospital leave patients vulnerable
"In laws, rhetoric and acts of violence, Europe is rewriting dark chapters of its past"
