Netanyahu aims to embrace Trump in U.S. visit while scandals roil Israel
"The Latest: France, UN leaders worried about Syria's Ghouta"
The Latest: Al-Qaida-linked group claims Burkina Faso attack
"Eight dead, streets flooded, cities paralyzed by massive East Coast storm"
China sets stage for Xi's historic grab to rule indefinitely
Modi's nationalist party notches win in key Indian state
Hunt for missing Malaysian plane likely to end in June
Inside an accused school shooter's mind: A plot to kill '50 or 60. If I get lucky maybe 150.'
"Fla. Senate rejects assault weapons ban, holds moment of silence for shooting victims"
Obama's attorney general rebukes Trump: 'I had a president I did not have to protect'
People who don't buckle up in the back seat are running real risks
"Even the small stresses of daily life can hurt your health, but attitude can make a difference"
"As giant storms hammer Boston, officials are doing little to prepare for them"
Trump dishes it out gently with the Washington media he loves to hate
"At Gridiron dinner, Trump trades jokes with the media he often derides"
S Korea to send high-level officials to North for talks
China defends planned scrapping of presidential term limit
"As Italy votes, Europe fears populist, euroskeptic gains"
Hindu woman elected to Pakistan's senate in historic first
China says its increasingly powerful military is no threat
"Trump says North Korea 'called up,' seeking talks with the United States"
South Korea to send high-level officials to North for talks
Boston is being lashed by hundred-year storms. Is it ready for the next big one?
"Eight dead, streets flooded, cities paralyzed by East Coast storm"
The Latest: First glitches appear in Italian voting
"China to recruit civilian astronauts, boost crewed missions"
"Student took his father's gun, then killed both his parents in dorm, police say"
Merkel set for 4th term after Social Democrats OK coalition
Egypt detains pro-government TV host over police segment
China defends planned scrapping of presidential term limits
The Latest: Senator complains of Palermo polling delay
Members of Germany's Social Democratic Party vote to form a coalition government with Chancellor Angela Merkel's bloc
Italians vote amid anger toward migrants and populist energy
The Latest: Merkel welcomes center-left's OK for coalition
Syrian troops advance in rebel-held region near capital
Unlimited Xi presidency looms over China political gathering
The Latest: Steve Bannon: Italy vote 'crucial' for populists
Spanish unionist rally mocks Catalan separatist movement
"In Syria's Ghouta, shelters are tombs for the living"
"China says military no threat, but refuses to reveal budget"
The Latest: Femen activist disrupts Berlusconi vote in Italy
High-level Seoul officials to head to North Korea for talks
Brazil's angry millennials are forming their own tea party and Occupy movements
"Officials in western Poland say 4 people are dead, over 22 injured in house collapse in Poznan"
Child sex abuse in Turkey sparks debate on best prevention
Slovak investigators examine threats against slain reporter
Police: Car-ramming attack in northern Israel injures 3
"Burkina Faso investigates extremist attacks, French to help"
"In Texas-sized congressional primaries, most GOP candidates run toward Trump"
"At a white-tie Gridiron dinner, President Trump tries joking: 'I like chaos'"
"Student took his father's gun, killed both parents in Central Michigan dorm, police say"
Political impasse ends in Germany as center-left party joins Merkel's conservatives
"Official: 4 killed, 24 injured in Poland building collapse"
Fatherland no more? Equality boss wants German anthem change
"Egypt president's opponent organizes rally, no one shows up"
Teachers say strike will continue after W.Va. Senate votes to cut raise to 4 percent
"Italians vote in election marked by populist energy, anger toward migrants"
The Latest: Italy polling lines blamed on anti-fraud checks
Allegations about 40 gay priests in Italy sent to Vatican
Russian presidential candidate Sobchak is doused with water
Ex-Burkina Faso soldier may have been in extremist attacks
The Latest: France's Macron happy with Merkel back in charge
"4 killed, 24 injured in Poland apartment building collapse"
Slovak leader urges govt changes amid crisis over reporter
Xi term-limits controversy looms at China political meeting
"Loose cargo containers off N.C. pose hazard, Coast Guard warns"
He thought it was a blister. It was a deadly bacteria consuming his foot.
Coast Guard warns of 'navigation hazards' after high winds cause ship to lose 70 cargo containers
Trump trade adviser says no exceptions for allies on new aluminum and steel tariffs
Senators urge Trump to take the lead on gun-control efforts
"In a jokey speech, Trump praised China's Xi for moving to end term limits, saying, 'Maybe we'll give that a shot someday'"
'SNL' usually avoids parodying tragedy. Then Trump said he'd confront a school shooter unarmed.
Former Obama chief of staff said top Senate Republican 'watered down' pre-election Russia warning
Teachers are being asked to punch time clocks. What does that mean for their profession?
W.Va. teachers say strike will continue after state Senate votes to cut raise to 4 percent
He thought it was a blister. Now his foot has been amputated.
Teachers are now being asked to punch time clocks. What does that mean for their profession?
A school targeting the opportunity gap - not the achievement gap. Watch the video.
Pakistan blames the U.S. for its return to a terror financing watch list
Italian soccer star Davide Astori found dead of suspected heart attack
Chinese investors pump new dollars into Maryland's pharmaceutical industry
Cardinal to face Australian court on sex abuse charges
"2 killed, 2 injured, 1 missing in French Alps avalanches"
"These films may not all be Oscar winners, but they highlight the best in humanity"
'Like a pinball machine': Lawmakers struggle to negotiate with an erratic Trump
Another Mar-a-Lago perk for the president: Trump superfans who wait to wave as he passes by
Britain braces for an exodus of E.U. doctors and nurses feeling hurt by Brexit
The Latest: Cardinal Pell arrives at Australian court
The Latest: Italy voter turnout declines from 2013
Exit poll: Italy's Rai state TV says center-right coalition has slight edge over populist 5-Star Movement in election
Exit poll: RAI state TV says populist 5-Star Movement leading Italian election but far short of majority
These pro athletes are courting success outside the arena
"A crying toddler, a flying tub of popcorn, and a 'Last Jedi' screening that led to arrests"
"Trump says American workers are hurt by immigration. But after ICE raided this Texas town, they never showed up."
Will better civics classes lead to a better America? Don't count on it.
A school targets the opportunity gap - not the achievement gap. Watch the video.
