Winners and losers from the first big primary day of 2018
The Energy 202: New York vows to continue climate work without Schneiderman
The Daily 202: Primary results confirm 2018 is a terrible year to be a House Republican
The Finance 202: Banking deregulation takes two leaps forward on Capitol Hill
"Don Blankenship lost, but that doesn't mean the GOP is rid of its Don Blankenship problem"
Trump's withdrawal from the Iran deal is yet another major foreign policy gamble
Trump's attorney Michael Cohen was hired by U.S. affiliate of Russian company
"After GOP primary voters back Trump-aligned candidates, he declares it 'great night'"
Trump muses about yanking news media credentials in response to negative coverage
The Health 202: Top opioid makers apologized for pill dumping...sort of
"The Cybersecurity 202: Now that Trump's out of the nuclear deal, Iran may flex cyber muscle"
"If the Iran deal had been a Senate-confirmed treaty, would Trump have been forced to stay in? Nope."
Is Russia meddling in Guatemala's anti-corruption commission? The real story might surprise you.
Boy Scouts lobby in states to stem the flow of child abuse lawsuits
President Trump pulled the U.S. out of the Iran deal. Here's what you need to know.
Mitch McConnell campaign taunts Blankenship - with a little help from Netflix's 'Narcos'
Fact-checking President Trump's reasons for leaving the Iran nuclear deal
GOP voters rally behind Trump-aligned candidates in trio of primaries
"In Senate primaries, Republicans avoid their worst-case fears"
Democrats have an eye toward November as Cordray wins Democratic nomination in Ohio governor's race
Primary elections: Blankenship loses in W.Va.; Pittenger concedes in North Carolina
"North Carolina GOP congressman loses primary, first House incumbent ousted"
Nordstrom Rack apologizes after calling the police on three black teens who were shopping for prom
"To live on a volcano is to accept risk. On Hawaii's Big Island, the risk has become reality."
Nordstrom Rack calls police on three black teens shopping for prom
"In a bind, she brought her baby to school. Her professor held the child while he taught physics."
"After allegations of sexual misconduct, Junot Diaz is a cautionary tale on the trouble with tokenism"
"Here's what Trump doesn't know about knives, guns and murder"
Portraits of the 'fading American dream'
She saved thousands to open a medical clinic in Nigeria. U.S. Customs took all of it at the airport.
"Mormon Church breaks all ties with Boy Scouts, ending 100-year relationship"
"While apparently jumping on her bed, a 6-year-old girl falls out of a window and dies, authorities say"
Eric Schneiderman leaves office amid investigation over abuse allegations
Haspel to pledge never to restart CIA's brutal interrogation program
U.S. judge denies teachers union bid to stop release of Project Veritas video
A woman called 911 about burglars at her neighbor's house. They were black Airbnb guests.
Ex-CIA officer indicted on espionage charges
Nurse accused of using her own drug needles on patients - and exposing them to hepatitis C
Police expect to find bodies of half a dozen girls in vacant field after reopening cold case
"U.S. embassy cables warned against expelling 300,000 immigrants. Trump officials did it anyway."
The number of prisoners with death sentences continues to decline
Miami officer charged with assault after video shows him kicking at suspect's head
Their Russian-spy parents were fake Americans. Now they want to be real Canadians.
One of Australia's notorious refugee camps has become an economic crutch for Papua New Guinea island
"Hours into his new job, Trump's ambassador to Germany offends his hosts"
"Gina Haspel, Trump's pick to lead CIA, to pledge she won't restart interrogation program"
Trump axes the Iran deal and creates a new crisis
"Europeans scramble to save Iran nuclear deal, but face new concerns over U.S. sanctions"
A group of actors stormed a mall in Iran dressed as ISIS militants. It didn't end well.
Dust storms wreak havoc across India
Mideast allies pressed Trump to ditch the Iran deal. Are they ready for what's next?
North Korea releases 3 American prisoners in apparent goodwill gesture ahead of a planned summit between Trump and Kim
Why Trump torpedoed Obama's Iran deal
Trump scuttles Iran nuclear deal but offers no plan for what comes next
"Boeing, Airbus to lose $39 billion in contracts because of Trump sanctions on Iran"
"Iran to negotiate with Europeans, Russia and China about remaining in nuclear deal"
"After Trump says U.S. will withdraw from Iran deal, allies say they'll try to save it"
"North Korea's Kim wants to talk to Trump about mutual nuclear issues, says Chinese media"
Facebook bans foreign ads to address concerns about outside interference in Irish abortion referendum
"Survey shows unemployment, poverty on Western Balkans' Roma"
Spain moves to block election of separatist ex-Catalan chief
Egyptian rights lawyer says comedian got 15 days in custody
Woman stoned to death in Somalia after al-Shabab conviction
The Latest: Pompeo returning with 3 Americans detained in NK
German Cabinet approves new rules on migrant reunions
Trump makes it explicit: Negative coverage of him is fake coverage
House Republicans get a tough lesson in running for higher office in the Trump era
North Korea releases 3 American prisoners ahead of a planned Trump-Kim summit
Iran's supreme leader says Trump is making demands of Gulf allies: 'The U.S. wants to own humiliated slaves'
"Facebook, Google limit ads in effort to prevent interference in Irish abortion referendum"
North Korea just freed 3 American prisoners. Here are their stories.
"Filmmaker Roman Polanski calls #MeToo ""collective hysteria"""
The Latest: Family thanks Trump for release of Americans
The Latest: German industry group: US Iran call is illegal
A look at the 3 Americans released by North Korea
"Italy's 5-Stars, League try again to form govt, ask for time"
Trump says Pompeo returning from North Korea with detainees
Trump is trying to strong-arm the news media
Is Russia interfering in Guatemala's anti-corruption commission? The real story might surprise you.
North Korea frees 3 American prisoners ahead of a planned Trump-Kim summit
"Gina Haspel, Trump's pick to lead CIA, pledges she won't restart interrogation program"
A sticky mess: liquid chocolate spills onto Polish highway
"3 Mexican soldiers killed, 3 wounded in attack"
Analysis: Crumbling of nuclear deal boosts Iran hard-liners
"Italy's 5-Stars, League ask for time to form government"
Police expect to find bodies of half a dozen girls in rural field after reopening cold case
Where America's deadliest volcanoes are
Europeans scramble to save Iran nuclear deal but face new concerns over U.S. sanctions
3 Americans are on the way home from North Korean prison. Here are their stories.
Britain's Prince Charles in Greece for 3-day official visit
Thousands mourn Mozambique rebel leader as talks to press on
Unofficial Malaysia election tally shows swing to opposition
Romanian president fined for offending politicians
"Renegade Republicans challenge Paul Ryan, file discharge petition to force immigration votes"
Treasury inspector general launches probe into possible leak of Michael Cohen's banking records
A fifth of the Republicans elected to the House in 2016 won't be there next year
"McConnell: West Virginia primary 'worked out very well,' attacks on me 'didn't'"
Mueller questioned Novartis payment to Trump lawyer Michael Cohen
"Who is Viktor Vekselberg, the Russian billionaire linked to Michael Cohen?"
"Trump's Iran decision won't stop North Korea talks, but it might raise the price"
"5 police, inmate dead in Indonesia prison riot; hostage held"
"Iran's top leader, lawmakers lash out at US on nuclear deal"
Greece allows same-sex couples to foster children
Ukrainian nationalists pour foul fluid on Russian official
The Latest: Malaysia's Mahathir confident of election win
Four takeaways from Gina Haspel's confrontational CIA confirmation hearing
"'Everyone thinks so, but I would never say it': Trump weighs in on whether he's deserving of a Nobel Peace Prize"
Stormy Daniels is proving to be a bigger problem than Trump could have imagined
"Michael Cohen, and the Trump team's perpetually sloppy ties to Russians"
The Democratic establishment shows its strength where it most needs it
Boy Scouts lobby states to try to stem the flow of child abuse lawsuits
The backstory of the lava-eaten Ford Mustang that symbolized a volcano's wrath
Here's how this Kilauea volcano eruption compares to past lava flows
New strains of hepatitis B virus discovered in ancient human remains
Netanyahu meets Putin amid new round of Syria strikes
Google suspends all ads related to Irish abortion referendum
Germany deports suspected Islamic extremist to Tunisia
Armenia's new leader visits disputed Nagorno-Karabakh region
Gun shot at Brussels station causes panic; no injuries
"Trump's trust grows in his gut-driven, out-of-the-box approach to international relations"
"Thirdhand smoke is widespread and may be dangerous, mounting evidence shows"
"Here's the buzz: The hummingbirds are back - and, boy, are their wings tired"
Invasive rabbits have ravaged one of the most remote islands on the planet
This 104-year-old plans to die tomorrow - and hopes to change views on assisted suicide
"Australian, 104, sings cheerily on eve of assisted suicide"
Risk of Congo's latest Ebola outbreak spreading 'very low'
"Director Polanski calls #MeToo ""collective hysteria"""
ICC prosecutor: New arrest warrants expected soon in Libya
Americans were freed 1 hour before flight out of Pyongyang
"Detainees freed in North Korea, returning to US with Pompeo"
Women won a bunch of primaries on Tuesday. Will that mean more women heading to Congress in November?
What elected officials are talking about vs. what's on cable news
"Trump's trust in his gut-driven, out-of-the-box approach to international relations grows"
'$500 and he's a ghost': Man accused of enlisting white supremacists to kill his black neighbor
"Projects in Virginia, Kansas and Nevada among those tapped by Trump administration to pilot expanded drone use"
"E. coli-tainted romaine outbreak spreads to 29 states, sickens 149 people"
Iran's hard-liners and moderates clash over whether to honor the nuclear deal
"Mattis, who supported staying in Iran deal, holds out hope of curtailing Tehran"
Opposition win ends Malaysia party's 60-year hold on power
"Paraguay to relocate its embassy to Jerusalem, following US"
Spanish court blocks election of separatist ex-Catalan chief
15 Israeli groups slam plan to expel Human Rights Watch rep
Man United says Ferguson out of intensive care after surgery
The Latest: Mahathir says Malaysia PM to be sworn in soon
Can Trump's efforts at foreign policy breakthroughs erase damage of scandals at home?
Ohio voters just made gerrymandering more trouble than it's worth
Women won a bunch of primaries on Tuesday. Will that mean more women heading to Congress?
The Trump team's perpetually sloppy ties to Russians
A killer led police to a girl's body in a shallow grave. Six more may be nearby.
"Mattis, who supported staying in Iran deal, holds out hope for curtailing Tehran"
Italy: Populist parties win tacit Berlusconi OK to form govt
The Latest: Trump to greet NK detainees upon return to US
The Latest: Malaysia election victor not seeking revenge
A new poll shows Republicans pulling even in congressional races. That's not the whole story.
'It's vile': Chelsea Clinton rips tweet by former top aide to Hillary Clinton
Emails show EPA turned to climate skeptics to craft 'red team-blue team' exercise
'That's Wakiesha!' a woman said as she threw her niece's ashes at the Los Angeles police chief
DHS proposal would change rules for minors in immigration detention
Mick Mulvaney takes aim at consumer bureau's student protection unit
A judge just raised deep questions about chimpanzees' legal rights
"'Flight from hell': A 3-hour delay, billowing smoke and passengers scrambling onto the wing"
"Hawaii is set to ban sunscreens that damage coral. Greener, safer options are on the horizon."
She was told her perpetually runny nose was from 'allergies.' It was a brain-fluid leak.
"Freed detainees head home for big welcome, featuring Trump"
The Latest: Israel says air raid sirens sounded in Golan
Israeli army reports air raid sirens sounding in Golan Heights
'Ode to Joy': 104-year-old sings cheerily on eve of suicide
'Roseanne' acknowledges an issue many Trump supporters deny: Islamophobia
Iran's supreme leader says Trump is making demands of Persian Gulf allies: 'The U.S. wants to own humiliated slaves'
Yemen's Iran-allied rebels fire missiles at Saudi capital
Israel's army says Iranian forces in Syria fired about 20 projectiles at Israeli positions; some were intercepted.
Firefighters find more remains in Brazil building rubble
Paraguay police seek arrest of president's 'soul brother'
GOP eager for Trump intervention in contested Senate primaries
Nunes sought all documents on person described as longtime intelligence source
Crude prices rise despite Saudi pledge to 'mitigate' effect of U.S. sanctions on Iranian exports
Negotiations over NAFTA are bogging down ahead of a major deadline
Israel accuses Iranian forces of rocket attack on Golan
UN urges Myanmar to punish perpetrators of Rohingya attacks
Dog's Life: Ecuador retires 61 police dogs with honors
The Latest: Israel says Iranians in Syria fired missiles
