House Republicans fall short of deal on immigration as talks continue
"Southern Baptists adopt resolutions on abuse and affairs, in a season of grappling with gender"
The Latest: NKorea says Trump offered to halt drills
Trump to receive briefing on IG's Clinton email report before it goes public
"In South Carolina, Virginia and N.D., voters make their primary picks"
Customs and Border Protection examining agent's questioning of national security reporter
"North Korea lauds, and basks in, Kim's summit performance"
AP Analysis: Kim Jong Un got lots to brag about from summit
The Latest: Trump thanks Kim for taking 'bold step'
Sanford founders in South Carolina after critical tweet from Trump
House to vote next week on two competing immigration bills after Republican negotiations on a compromise fall short
Trump to receive briefing on inspector general's Clinton email report before it goes public
"A raccoon is scaling the side of a Minnesota skyscraper, and it's incredibly stressful"
Study finds 'hot spots' where lower vaccination rates put kids at risk
The FBI agent who accidentally shot someone after a back flip at a bar is charged with assault
"He threatened a Muslim family that planned to move to his neighborhood. Now, he'll go to prison."
"A raccoon is scaling the side of a tall skyscraper, and it's incredibly stressful"
"Mueller asks to secure evidence in 'Putin chef' case, citing Russian intelligence and ongoing interference operations"
North Korea says nuclear dismantling a 'step-by-step' process with U.S. rewards along the way
Mexican presidential candidates square off in debate
India says Pakistan firing kills 4 soldiers in Kashmir
El Salvador's former first lady arrested in corruption case
Customs and Border Protection agent faces inquiry after questioning reporter about her sources
The Latest: Yemen's exiled govt: Hodeida is milestone battle
Asian shares drop as eyes turn to central bank meetings
Saudi-led forces begin assault on Yemen port city of Hodeida
Toyota investing $1 billion in ride-hailing company Grab
Saudi-owned satellite news channels say battle for Yemen's port city of Hodeida has begun
Rep. Mark Sanford defeated in South Carolina after critical Trump tweet
"After summit, China likely to remind N. Korea of close ties"
Uruguay struggling to meet demand for legal marijuana
Was the Trump-Kim summit a huge success or a colossal failure?
"With US-NKorea summit over, US envoy to brief Asia allies"
16 die as speeding tourist bus overturns in India
"German police detain man, search home for toxic substances"
Australia PM will make national apology to sex abuse victims
Fact-checking President Trump's claims about the North Korea deal
The Latest: Italy summons French ambassador in migrant spat
Iraq's al-Sadr joins forces with Iran-backed coalition
The Latest: SKorea still trying to parse Trump's drill stop
Opponents criticize Greece-Macedonia name deal
Italy diplomatic tensions flare as migrants head to Spain
The Latest: Lebanon PM to attend first match of World Cup
"The Latest: Italy tells France to do its bit, stop criticism"
Rights group: Israeli lethal force in Gaza may be war crime
Italy's Interior Minister Salvini challenges France to take in migrants it pledged to accept under EU agreement
A look at N. Korea's human rights abuses Trump played down
Italy: Diplomatic tensions flare as migrants head to Spain
Trump says Korth Korea 'no longer' a nuclear threat as he returns to Washington
New election poll shows Democratic voters are more engaged and Democratic House incumbents more popular
Raccoon triumphs over a Minnesota skyscraper in a climb that captivated a nation
Raccoon triumphs over skyscraper in a climb that captivated a nation
A photo of an Indian bird with its beak shut by a plastic ring went viral. Now he's been rescued.
"At the U.S. border, asylum seekers fleeing violence are told to come back later"
'Trapped like a cat in a cage': London's Grenfell Tower survivors look back on the deadliest fire in modern British history
The White House produced a movie trailer for Kim. So let's review their summit like a film.
The Latest: Trump tweets NKorea no longer nuclear threat
UK government faces more bruising Brexit debate in Commons
Australian court rules man can sue Google for defamation
Bosnia pizzeria owner switches to free meals for migrants
Spain fires coach Lopetegui 2 days before World Cup opener
The Finance 202: Fed will likely raise interest rates today. But will it weigh in on Trump's trade war?
Can Jordan's new prime minister reform the government?
Winners and Losers: Trump is the big winner in Tuesday's primaries
Trump says North Korea 'no longer' a nuclear threat as he returns to Washington
Republicans are still trying to repeal Obamacare. Here's why they are not likely to succeed
Why Southern Baptists giving Mike Pence a platform is so controversial
Persistent Silicon Valley billionaire earns ballot spot for splitting California into 3 states
How much is a moon rock really worth?
Huge snake slithers out of Texas man's toilet. Deputy wrangles it with her bare hands
"The 'slow death' of a disabled girl neglected for days in soiled diaper, police say"
Trump surrendered U.S. leverage over Kim. He got almost nothing in return.
"The Latest: Austria, Germany to work with Italy on migrants"
Lebanon keeps up criticism of UN over refugee policies
The Latest: Trump says ending war games saves money
German police detain man suspected of planning an attack
Cambodia scorns US sanctions against senior military officer
Saudi king orders Eid holiday bonus for some citizens
'Not good!' Trump renews his criticism of OPEC for 'too high' oil prices
The Health 202: Democrats sharpen attacks on Trump administration on drug prices and preexisting conditions
"The Cybersecurity 202: Voter confidence is the biggest election security challenge, DHS cybersecurity official says"
New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo widens lead over actress Cynthia Nixon in Democratic primary contest
The Finance 202: The Fed will likely raise interest rates today. But will it weigh in on Trump's trade war?
Persistent Silicon Valley billionaire earns ballot spot on splitting California into 3 states
Saudi Arabia-led military coalition launches offensive on Yemen port city of Hodeida
A photo of an Indian bird with its beak shut by a rubber ring went viral. Now he's been rescued.
UK pub chain snubs French Champagne ahead of Brexit
Maldives ex-strongman sentenced to 19 months in jail
"Mustaches, silly songs defuse tensions at Russia's World Cup"
Greece-Macedonia name deal meets with mixed reaction
Spain replaces fired Lopetegui with Hierro
Selfie blamed in falling deaths of 2 tourists in Portugal
The Daily 202: Mark Sanford's primary loss shows the peril of crossing Trump
"The Energy 202: 'He's the head of the EPA, not the Sultan of Brunei.' Conservative group runs ad calling for Pruitt to go"
This trooper pulled over a driver - then realized the man had delivered him nearly 27 years ago
"Raccoon triumphs over skyscraper in a climb that captivated the internet, celebrates with cat food"
"Trump attacked Trudeau but 'practically hugged' dictator Kim Jong Un, says French foreign minister"
A photo of a bird in India with its beak shut by a plastic ring went viral. Now it has been rescued.
North Korea says nuclear dismantling is a 'step-by-step' process with U.S. rewards along the way
"UN Syria envoy to host Russian, Iranian, Turkish officials"
Archaeologists find ancient rock art in Egypt
New German FM wants 'Europe united' to counter 'America 1st'
The Latest: Austria: Macedonia deal boosts country's EU bid
The Latest: Italian minister cancels trip to France
"Her life saved, Bulgarian cow Penka waits to rejoin herd"
Two central themes to 2018: Women and defenders of Trump
South Korea struggles to digest strange new reality of Kim Jong Un bonding with White House
Meet the female pro wrestlers of Mexico
"After AT&T ruling, US stocks are mixed ahead of Fed meeting"
The Latest: Kosovo hails neighboring Macedonia's Greece deal
"Walesa, ex-leaders ask EU to defend Polish democracy"
Ryan tells House GOP that Trump is supportive of immigration strategy
"An abuser, a brothel owner and a supporter of Confederate symbols all won primaries Tuesday"
"Macedonian President Ivanov says he won't sign off on new name deal with Greece, potentially delaying process"
"Chemical weapons watchdog confirms sarin, chlorine very likely used in March 2017 attacks in Syria"
"Overloaded boat capsizes in Indonesia, at least 13 dead"
Italy-France tensions flare as migrants head to Spain
Spain replaces fired Lopetegui with Hierro for World Cup
"If Pruitt won't resign and Trump won't fire him, what penalty could he face?"
New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo maintains wide lead over actress Cynthia Nixon in Democratic primary contest
Trump's summit with Kim shows the dangers of too much self-confidence
Argentine Congress begins debate on legal elective abortion
4 injured in fire in skyscraper in India's financial capital
Macedonian president won't sign off on name deal with Greece
Lawmaker urges Russian women to be vigilant with WCup fans
Saudi-led forces open assault on Yemen port city of Hodeida
Trump's refreshing admission that he felt 'foolish' when taunting Kim Jong Un
Trump economic adviser Larry Kudlow discharged from hospital after heart attack
Trump says N. Korea 'no longer' a nuclear threat amid questions over summit
Why you should probably stop snacking at work
"How emoji can kill: As gangs move online, social media fuels violence"
Trump poised to get new low-yield nuclear weapons
Pompeo calls questions about gaps in Trump-Kim statement 'insulting and ridiculous'
AP PHOTOS: Traces of life trapped beneath volcano's ash
Iran detains rights lawyer who defended headscarf protesters
Spain minister resigns over tax record after days in office
Timeline of Yemen's war as coalition attacks Hodeida
AP Explains: What the Greek-Macedonian name deal is about
More than 6-in-10 American children were enrolled in CHIP or Medicaid in 2017
Is Congress about to do something to protect dreamers? Don't bet on it.
"How emoji can kill: As gangs move online, social media fuel violence"
A photo of a bird in India stuck in a plastic ring went viral. Now it has been rescued.
"In Ireland, blasphemy can cost you $30,000. A referendum could change that."
"As Cambodian democracy weakens, U.S. sanctions a high-ranking Cambodian official"
Mexicans and Canadians cheer winning World Cup bid despite tensions with U.S.
South Sudan's warring leaders invited to meet next week
Lebanon dispute with UN grows over Syria refugee policy
Bitcoin hits 4-month low after currency exchange theft
Why Michael Cohen is possibly the biggest threat to Trump
Senate intelligence aide charged in U.S. leak probe pleads not guilty in District federal court
Another candidate with problematic views on race just won his GOP primary
"The many 'ridiculous,' 'insulting,' 'inappropriate' questions Trump officials don't want reporters to ask"
"EPA chief Scott Pruitt tapped aide, donors to help wife land job at conservative group"
How did the Minnesota raccoon scale that skyscraper? 'Superpowers' and 'insatiable curiosity.'
"Interior had little basis for halting mountaintop removal study, probe finds"
Here's how lightning can knock your power out before it even strikes
House Republicans propose financial penalties for states that block offshore drilling
"Antarctic ice loss has tripled in a decade. If that continues, we are in serious trouble."
Tropical moisture and torrential rain aims at Houston this weekend. Flooding is possible.
Passenger is ejected from vehicle in violent crash - and somehow lives to tell about it
"Woke 101: If Starbucks struggled to teach about race, can universities' diversity curriculums do better?"
Pompeo was grilled by reporters about North Korea's nukes. This was his testy response.
The Latest: 4 UAE soldiers killed in Yemen operation
Stocks wobble after Fed says interest rates will rise faster
Once-mighty Bud weakens to tropical storm on track to Baja
Venezuela frees 43 prisoners in 'national dialogue'
More than 6 in 10 American children were enrolled in CHIP or Medicaid in 2017
Pence speaks to Southern Baptist Convention: 'Our administration will always stand with you'
A child in Idaho was treated for plague - the first human case in the state in 26 years
Here's how lightning can knock out your power before it even strikes
"As Cambodian democracy weakens, U.S. sanctions a high-ranking official"
"Scanning immigrants' old fingerprints, U.S. threatens to strip thousands of citizenship"
"Merkel, allies heading for showdown over immigration policy"
The Latest: Macedonians protest 'traitors' behind new name
The Latest: Aid group refuses migrants from US Navy ship
Ethiopia's reforms challenged by party in ruling coalition
"UK government defeats pro-EU lawmakers on Brexit, for now"
"Trump offers support for House GOP immigration bill, but it may not be enough"
"Evangelicalism has had a race, gender and age problem for years. Pence's appearance before Southern Baptists highlighted it."
Trump doubles down for North Dakota's GOP Senate nominee amid tensions
"Sen. Inhofe criticizes Scott Pruitt, wants face-to-face meeting with embattled EPA chief"
White House considered Manchin to lead Veterans Affairs after Jackson withdrew his nomination
Trump says North Korea is 'no longer' a nuclear threat. The Pentagon budget suggests otherwise.
Saudi Arabia-led military coalition launches offensive on Yemeni port city of Hodeida
"U.N. General Assembly votes to blame Israel for Gaza violence, rejects U.S. call to condemn Hamas for attacks on Israel"
Al-Qaida's Mali branch releases video of 2 female hostages
Macedonia name-change opponents rally forces in 2 countries
"Military collects donations, teaches Rio police about phones"
"No Coke, No Pepsi: Bottlers leave Mexican city hit by crime"
Senators concerned that federal courts fall short in handling sexual misconduct
"Trump and Kim declare summit a big success, but they diverge on the details"
Why untrue tweets from Trump shouldn't be unchallenged in headlines
Southern Baptists debate handling of a #MeToo case and hear a controversial speech from Pence
Justice Dept. considered relationship between reporter and source before secretly seeking records
"As Cambodian democracy weakens, U.S. imposes sanctions on a high-ranking Cambodian official"
Chilean police raid Catholic Church offices amid abuse probe
Chilean police raid Roman Catholic Church offices amid a growing sexual abuse scandal involving clergy
The Latest: UN Assembly blames Israel for Gaza violence
Migrant aid ship on way to Spain as Italy draws deeper line
Pressure on Michael Cohen intensifies as Mueller stays focused on the Trump attorney
Southern Baptists debate handling of a #MeToo case and hear controversial speech from Pence
"Catholic bishops call Trump's new asylum rules 'immoral,' with one suggesting 'canonical penalties' for those involved"
"Albert Einstein decried racism in America. His diaries reveal a xenophobic, misogynistic side"
"UN Assembly blames Israel for Gaza violence, but not Hamas"
