What to watch for in President Trump's long-awaited drug-price speech
Starbucks chairman opens up about company's race failures - and says its bathrooms are now open to all
Video shows a policeman choking and slamming a black man in a tuxedo outside a Waffle House
Florida man behind 100 million robocalls hit with huge FCC fine
The Latest: Australia congratulates Malaysian prime minister
"Trump announces June 12 summit in Singapore with North Korean leader, U.S. prisoners released"
A former NFL player was arrested after he said police mistook a phone for a gun. The officer has been fired.
Trump unloads on Homeland Security secretary in lengthy immigration tirade
Malaysia's new leader shows that 92 isn't really so old
Ex-strongman seeks legacy as savior of Malaysia's democracy
"Ties with US, North Korea make Singapore optimum summit site"
Mahathir Malaysia's leader again after ruling party booted
"At Indiana rally, Trump stays on message with an eye on midterms"
His night began with prom. It ended with an officer slamming him outside a Waffle House.
H.R. McMaster's father died in a Philadelphia nursing home. A nurse has been charged in his death.
Federal consumer watchdog plays down changes to its student protection unit
Here's what you should do if you think you're having a heart attack
Turkey sued over violence in protests in Washington in 2017
"Italian researchers develop lighter, cheaper robotic hand"
Protesters warn democracy at risk if Filipino justice ousted
Rio police recreate murder scene of black councilwoman
The Latest: Trump congratulates Mahathir after historic win
5 people killed in explosion at hotel in northwest Pakistan
The Latest: UN urges restraint to avoid Mideast flare up
"Trump's aides defend pay freeze and retirement cuts, but raise unanswered questions"
Ancient dinosaur tracks are disappearing at a Utah state park. Humans are to blame.
Seoul to re-examine arrival of North Korean women
Australian police find 7 dead with gunshot wounds
Police say they have found 7 bodies with gunshot wounds in southwest Australia
Rio police recreate murder scene of activist Marielle Franco
A Utah state park has a problem: Visitors are throwing ancient dinosaur tracks into the water
Critic's jailing shows hushed dissent since '08 China quake
7 found dead with gunshot wounds on west Australia property
"Guatemala asks Swedish, Venezuelan ambassadors to leave"
The Latest: Philippine top court votes to oust chief justice
Argentines haunted by memories of crisis oppose IMF's help
Seoul to re-examine arrival of N. Korean restaurant workers
How Trump's Iran deal decision may lead to war
UN chief asks for halt to 'all hostile acts' in Middle East
The Latest: Ousted Philippine judge appeals to supporters
"Philippine top judge, Duterte's critic, ousted by colleagues"
The Latest: Philippine opposition calls judge ouster mockery
"Malaysia's Mahathir plans lean cabinet, seeks Anwar's pardon"
Afghan official says Taliban kill 7 at security post in west
"Indonesia's most active volcano erupts, spews ash into sky"
CIA director nominee Haspel and the destruction of interrogation tapes: Contradictions and questions
North Korea tells UN aviation group no more ICBM tests
The Latest: Syrian media report rebels leave capital suburb
Turkish prosecutors seek arrest of 300 military personnel
Police defuse WWII bomb found at Hong Kong construction site
Pakistan imposes restrictions on movement of US diplomats
"Singapore ties with US, NKorea make city-state summit site"
Is 92 too old to lead? Malaysia's Mahathir doesn't think so
Official: Pakistani officer killed in in roadside bomb blast
The Pentagon answered some questions about the Niger ambush. Many more remain.
Iraqi election seen as a contest between Iran's challenger and America's incumbent
South Africa probes extremism element in mosque attack
China welcomes Kim-Trump summit as 'important step'
"France: Europe isn't US 'vassal,' should trade with Iran"
Indonesians protest US recognition of Jerusalem as capital
"Ministers from central Europe, Balkans meeting in Greece"
Indian Prime Minister Modi begins visit to Nepal
"Menendez questions Trump, his business about letter to Panama president in hotel row"
WHO chief says Ebola vaccines to be shipped to Congo
Catalan separatists aim to elect new regional president
Lesbos: Europe's migrant barrier nears breaking point
The Latest: Israeli DM urges Assad to get rid of Iran forces
"The fight between Devin Nunes and the Justice Department over a spy, explained"
What can we learn from Lebanon's elections?
"Every one of America's 57,636 wind turbines, mapped"
China's new train line to Iran sends message to Trump: We'll keep trading anyway
Trump is reassessing aid to South Sudan. Its government says cuts would be a disaster.
Official says terror attack on march in Moscow foiled
The Latest: Iranians take to streets over nuke deal pullout
The Latest: Philippine chief justice to appeal ouster
Family of 7 dead with gunshot wounds in rural Australia
Queen's husband makes 1st public appearance since surgery
"AT&#038;T's $600,000 payment to Michael Cohen looks like wasted money"
The Daily 202: Trump reassures anxious hawks that he's willing to walk away from North Korea talks
The Health 202: Here's what to expect from Trump's speech on drug prices
The Cybersecurity 202: The Facebook ad dump shows the true sophistication of Russia's influence operation
The Finance 202: Trump is running out of time on NAFTA
How a hashtag and memes are uniting Turkey's opposition
Stadium and team owners see drones as major league threat
Mother's Day: My life is like that National Geographic show
A Canadian leader was asked by TSA to remove his turban. U.S. officials express 'regret.'
"'Love is an excessive thing': Online matchup leads to 65,000 text messages and a stalking charge."
4 men charged with hate crime in 'brutal' attack of gay couple at Miami Beach
This Utah park's alarming problem: Visitors are throwing dinosaur tracks into the water
Trump is reassessing aid to South Sudan. Observers say cuts would be a disaster.
Forget the sex scene in Lifetime's 'Harry &#038; Meghan' movie - this scene is far more interesting
Turkey willing to consider 'new page' in ties with Armenia
"The Energy 202: Mothers lobbied Scott Pruitt to ban a toxic chemical. Two days later, EPA signaled it would."
Italian leader: populist government wouldn't threaten Europe
Israel calls on Syria's Assad to 'get rid' of Iranian forces
"Islamic militant, officer killed after Indonesia prison riot"
Japan PM to NKorea: Release Japanese abductees or no aid
Alleged wildlife smuggling kingpin jailed in Thailand
"Trump sells out to the drug companies, according to Trump"
"No, Mr. President, the 'fake news' would not have scoffed at your job-growth projection"
Polish court acquits protesters of logging in old forest
"Kuwait, Philippines sign worker rights deal amid dispute"
"Ethiopia drops terror, other charges against Swedish doctor"
Muslim scholars: Suicide attacks violate Islamic principles
The Latest: Lebanese politician says strikes warned Israel
"She was the enemy of Philippine President Duterte, and her fellow judges just sacked her"
'It's just horrifying': Seven killed in Australia's deadliest mass shooting in 22 years
"Europe isn't US 'vassal,' wants to uphold Iran nuclear deal"
"The Latest: Sereno urges Filipinos to speak up, fight abuses"
"Turkish election not fair, says jailed presidential hopeful"
My new favorite map shows how Trump redrew our political boundaries
"Meghan McCain dismisses 'nothingburgers' attacking her ailing father, John McCain"
"'Love is an excessive thing': Online match leads to 65,000 text messages and a stalking charge"
Trump is set to unveil his plan to lower drug prices. Here are four things to watch for.
Kremlin: Presidential terms extension not on Putin's agenda
AP PHOTOS: Syrian Kurds build on a ramshackle oil industry
Pompeii dig finds trace of ancient thoroughbred racehorse
"Guard killed, British tourists abducted in Congo's Virunga"
"Guard killed, 2 British tourists and driver abducted in Congo's Virunga National Park"
Why separate immigrant children from parents? The politics of fear - just indirectly.
John Kelly confirms it: He serves Trump out of a 'sense of duty'
Trump to join Senate Republican lunch on Tuesday
"Death From Above 1979, 'Pull Out': The Week In One Song"
"His nuclear deal and economy are crumbling, but don't write off Iran's president yet"
"This year, Eurovision tried to tone things down. It did not work."
Iran cleric threatens destruction of Israeli cities
US military notes reports of civilians killed in Somali raid
South Africa probes 'extremism' element in mosque attack
A pioneering vaccine is being sent to Congo in hopes of containing a new Ebola outbreak
New York lawyer claims Cohen knew of alleged misconduct by state attorney general
"Ebola vaccines to be shipped to Congo, WHO chief says"
Senior Lebanese politician calls for quick new government
John Kelly's 'assimilation' into a hard-line stance against illegal immigrants
Trump shouldn't expect an approval spike after the North Korean prisoner release
3 killed in Nicaragua amid protests against government
Trump shouldn't expect an approval spike after the North Korea prisoner release
A Chicago man asked for a change of address. One problem: He allegedly wanted to get mail meant for UPS.
'It's just horrifying': 7 killed in Australia's deadliest mass shooting in 22 years
"Billions of dollars later, Energy Department pulls plug on partly built nuclear fuel plant"
Second victim of Sao Paulo building collapse identified
How John Kelly's family history compares with the immigrants he wants to keep from entering
U.S. and Iran carry proxy fight into Iraq's election
7 killed in Australia's deadliest mass shooting in 22 years
"In Cuba, the great American tourism boom turns to bust"
Al-Abadi defeated IS. Why won't he sweep Iraq's elections?
$10 billion campaign launched to educate every child by 2030
AP Explains: Unprecedented tension between Iran and Israel
This man runs a federal agency near Washington - from his home in Dallas
"Speaking out on torture and a Trump nominee, ailing McCain roils Washington"
Trump uses rallies to tell his supporters to vote for him - even if other names are on the ballot
"Video shows Georgia officer shouting, cursing at 65-year-old grandmother during a traffic stop"
Golden State Killer suspect charged with four more murders
Georgina Chapman says she was never suspicious of estranged husband Harvey Weinstein
3rd local candidate in Mexico's July 1 voting killed in week
