Children lead sit-in at Senate building in protest of Trump's family separation policy
Judge declines to issue gag order on Trump in case of former Senate intelligence staffer
Paul Manafort called Ukrainian election 'most satisfying' campaign of career
Climate change is supercharging a hot and dangerous summer
Chrissy Teigen befriended a 'nice' bug. Twitter tried to convince her it was a dangerous wasp.
Someone untied Betsy DeVos's yacht in Ohio. Damage ensued.
Doubt the planet's summers are turning hotter? Look at these two maps.
"No, private schools aren't better at educating kids than public schools. Why this new study matters."
How Harry S. Truman went from being a racist to desegregating the military
She'd given up hope of finding her schizophrenic son. Then came a call from an unknown number.
"Claire McCaskill, a vulnerable Democrat running for reelection, targeted in hacking attempt by Russian spies"
Jongdari is nearly a typhoon and is closing in on overheated and flood-ravaged Japan
Vanuatu again orders evacuation of island as volcano erupts
Yonhap news agency says a US military plane is heading to North Korea to pick up remains of US soldiers killed in war
Sidney Crosby honored as top athlete in Nova Scotia history
How Trump's deal to secure the release of a American pastor held in Turkey fell apart
"In tentative deal with E.U., Trump touts parts of global trade deals he once rejected"
'They thought black soldiers couldn't fight': Veterans recall the sting of racism in the military
Congress grills CEO of Northrop Grumman on space telescope errors
"Hundreds of migrant children remain in custody, though most separated families are reunited at court deadline"
Report: US plane leaves for NKorea to pick up US war remains
Duterte OKs bill creating Muslim autonomous region in south
"A fist bump, then a rancorous call: How Trump's deal to free an American pastor in Turkey fell apart"
U.S. military takes possession of remains that North Korea says belong to Americans who died in the Korean War
The Latest: Plane said to carry war remains lands at US base
Yonhap news agency says US plane thought to be carrying American war remains from North Korea lands in South Korea
The Latest: UN Command says 55 cases of remains returned
White House says North Korea returns remains of US war dead
Japan harassment website takes complaints to extremes
China: Qualcomm failed to resolve anti-monopoly worries
Remains said to be US war dead repatriated from North Korea
Cricket star Imran Khan wins in Pakistan but needs coalition
"Official results give cricket star Imran Khan win in Pakistan's vote, but he will need coalition to form government"
"Bishops bloodied, churches besieged in Nicaragua crackdown"
Which Europe does Trump want?
Released memo points to Hirohito's role in Pearl Harbor raid
Cambodian leader wraps up campaigning blasting boycott calls
Indonesia graft buster returns to work after acid attack
"Parkland, Florida students embrace New Zealand on field trip"
"Khan, once a cricket star, now pious, anti-poverty reformer"
WWII ammo complicates efforts to fight German forest fire
"World's oldest person, a Japanese woman, dies at 117"
Troops sent to West Bank after Palestinian kills Israeli
Why has the Syrian civil war lasted so long?
Zimbabwe's few female candidates face scathing abuse
Skywatchers looking forward to complete lunar eclipse
Forensics experts work on identifying the dead in Greek fire
China says 4 American airlines missed Taiwan deadline
A test in Delaware: Can an old-school politician succeed in a campaign season defined by tumult?
Cambodia cracks down on election boycott by opposition
Troops sent to West Bank after Israeli killed in attack
'I am very scared for the elections'; Mali goes to the polls
Bavarian leader takes softer line on migrants ahead of vote
Japan website offers anonymity for variety of grievances
Five things I learned about envy in politics
The Health 202: Trump administration 'undeterred' by court ruling against Medicaid work requirements
Help us identify Trump's unknown golf partners
The Cybersecurity 202: Lawmakers slow to move on facial recognition despite industry calls for regulation
The Trump Tower meeting increasing looks as bad for Trump as it at first seemed
EPA tried to discredit retirees after The Post published their criticisms
Firefighters in Europe face another obstacle as forest fires rage: unexploded WWII ammunition
"Sombra the police drug-sniffing dog is famous in Colombia. Now, smugglers have put a bounty on her head."
"Eritrea says leader of Somalia, another rival, to visit"
Manila court OKs US request for terror suspect's extradition
Syrian government holds celebrations after town falls
Romania fails to select new chief anti-graft prosecutor
The Energy 202: Sierra Club sued the EPA for Scott Pruitt's records. Now it's suing for Andrew Wheeler's.
The Finance 202: The Trump economy may seem strong. But not that strong.
Smell similar to stinky socks diverts Florida-bound flight
"Sombra the drug-sniffing police dog is famous in Colombia. Now, smugglers have put a bounty on her head."
9 Albanians arrested on alleged counterfeit visa scheme
7 Russian police sentenced for suspect torture
"Trump maintains not knowing in advance about meeting with Russians, disputing Cohen claim"
"Michael Cohen's latest big allegation, and the growing list of Team Trump's false scandal denials"
A photographer snapped two people kissing in the rain. He was beaten up and fired.
New Zealand will let victims of domestic violence take paid leave
A viral photo of lovers kissing offended many in Bangladesh. The man who took it was beaten and fired.
Islamic State 'Beatles' case: Britain criticized for 'outsourcing' justice system to the U.S.
New Zealand will now let victims of domestic violence take paid leave
"22 inmates escape from Philippine city jail, 3 recaptured"
AP Interview: Zimbabwe opposition chief warns of flawed vote
The Latest: EU team gives Pakistan passing grade on election
The Daily 202: Puerto Ricans who fled to Florida after Hurricane Maria are not registering to vote
"Michael Cohen's latest big allegation, and the growing list of Team Trump's false denials of scandals"
The Trump Tower meeting increasingly looks as bad for Trump as it at first seemed
Fitbit may be key to finding Iowa student who went for a jog last week and hasn't been seen since
Southern Baptist Convention takes steps toward reform on sexual abuse
Rescue authorities say 751 migrants plucked safely from boats trying to reach Spain from Africa
The Latest: Trump thanks Kim for returning US war remains
Putin ready to invite Trump to Russia
Zimbabwe's historic post-Mugabe election: A timeline
A guide to Zimbabwe's 1st post-Robert Mugabe election
Syria revels in recapture of town near Israel-occupied Golan
"Trump is open to visiting Putin in Moscow, White House says"
Michael Cohen is now alleging what would be the Trump team's worst cover-up yet
The Trump Tower meeting increasingly looks as bad for Trump as it initially seemed
EPA tried to discredit retirees after The Washington Post published their criticisms
"Trump desperately needs a science adviser, experts say. He just doubled the record for time without one."
Cairo zoo denies painting a donkey and passing it off as a zebra
The loudest opponent of Italy's new anti-migrant policy? The Catholic Church.
Small plane crash in Congo's Kasai province kills at least 4
"Analysis: Return of remains good, but easy, move for N.Korea"
"UN verifies over 7,000 child casualties in Syria since 2013"
Study: Climate change making Europe heatwaves more likely
Switzerland: Canadian wingsuit flyer dies as parachute fails
Why Washington insiders think Democrats will take back the House
Top Senate Democrat presses former president George W. Bush for Kavanaugh documents
The GDP number is good - but not as good as Donald Trump Jr. seems to think
Sometimes it's too hot for airplanes to fly. Here's why.
Odor similar to stinky socks diverts Florida-bound flight
'This fire is extremely dangerous and moving with no regard': Deadly California wildfire kills two people as it grows dramatically
"Sometimes, like right now in the Western U.S., it's too hot for airplanes to fly. Here's why."
"After deadly Toronto shooting, Canada ponders: Is it time to ban handguns?"
Cambodian vote expected to deliver a defeat for U.N.-led pro-democracy efforts
"After deadly shooting in Toronto, Canada ponders: Is it time to ban handguns?"
"After a life filled with sushi and calligraphy, world's oldest person dies at 117"
Vatican meets #MeToo: Nuns denounce their abuse by priests
Puerto Rico sees record 1.2M cruise ship passengers
Syrians celebrate retaking town near Israel-occupied Golan
"May discusses Brexit with Austria, EU presidency holder"
"Trump backs GOP candidates in Michigan's Senate primary, Ohio special election"
Judge throws out two convictions against ex-spy who conspired to sell secrets to Chinese
'Not remotely plausible': Harvard disputes claims of admissions bias
A quarter of adults with sprained ankles were prescribed opioids in the ER
'This fire is extremely dangerous and moving with no regard': Two people killed battling California wildfire
TASTE OF THE TOUR: Pan-seared squid in the Basque Country
Pakistan's Khan begins trying to form a coalition government
Liberal activists embrace 'dark money' in Supreme Court fight
Mattis says U.S. military searches for human remains in North Korea are possible
"As Venezuela crumbles, its fleeing citizens are becoming Latin America's new underclass"
The Latest: UN congratulates Pakistanis for voting
"Greek fire damages over 2,000 homes, 500 of them gutted"
South Africa tells Putin it can't afford nuclear plants now
Eleven questions we have about the Don Jr.-Bob Mueller photo
Mattis says searches by U.S. military for human remains in North Korea are possible
"Complete lunar eclipse begins, the longest of this century"
Extraordinary drug dog worries Colombian cartel
Mexico president-elect: $18 billion to boost oil output
The Latest: US commends 'courage' of Pakistanis who voted
Man arrested for making death threat against Rep. Diane Black
"The status of more than 2,600 children at one point held by the government"
Eleven questions we have about the Don Jr.-Robert Mueller photo
British fake news committee says democracy is facing a crisis
Ex-security aide to Macron says he betrayed president
Mexico to capture threatened manatees to save them
Mexico president-elect: $16 billion to boost oil output
"Venting about press, Trump has repeatedly sought to ban reporters over questions"
"Eager for progress on North Korea, Trump hails apparent handover of remains of U.S. service members"
"Schumer plays long game, avoids hardball with centrist Democrats over Supreme Court pick"
"Paul Ryan backs Rep. Jason Lewis, who faces drumbeat of revelations from his talk-radio career"
A viral photo of lovers kissing offended many in Bangladesh. The man who took it says he was beaten and fired.
"World gazes at total lunar eclipse, longest of this century"
Brazil's Lula to revoke privatizations through referendums
"Pelosi visits Puerto Rico, pledges to speed up recovery"
8 Nicaraguan doctors say fired for treating hurt protesters
"Trump backs GOP candidates in Michigan's Senate primary, Ohio special election, Tennessee House race"
She had given up hope of finding her schizophrenic son. Then a call came from an unknown number.
World's oldest person dies at 117 after a life filled with sushi and calligraphy
British 'fake news' committee says democracy is facing a crisis
Russia and West spar over reconstruction of Syria
"After decades of silence, nuns talk about abuse by priests"
