Ex-Dallas police officer indicted on murder charge in neighbor's death
Parts of New England and New York see historically snowy November
High number of Americans getting absolutely no raises
'Major' damage to Anchorage area after severe 7.0-magnitued earthquake in Alaska
"After inauguration, Mexico's new government heads to Washington for migration talks"
Canadian court says reporter must give police material
"Over 22 days, Nancy Pelosi persuaded 66 on-the-fence Democrats to support her"
"A bro-shake with Putin, a talking-to from Macron: The Saudi crown prince's treatment at the G-20"
"After inauguration, Mexico's new government to head to Washington for migration talks"
"'Gene drive' research to fight diseases can proceed cautiously, U.N. group says"
South Korea says North Korean soldier has defected to South after fleeing across the heavily fortified border
"How they survived: Owners of the few homes left standing around Paradise, Calif., took critical steps to ward off wildfires"
'Major' damage to Anchorage area after severe 7.0-magnitude earthquake in Alaska
Former Dallas police officer charged with murder in fatal shooting of neighbor
"Trump administration to let companies run deafening seismic tests that can kill marine life, a step toward oil drilling in Atlantic"
Mystery writers group rescinds award from sex crimes prosecutor over her role in Central Park Five rape case
Alan Dershowitz says Robert Mueller is 'looking for political sin'
Bloomberg Philanthropies will donate $50 million to battle opioid epidemic
South Korea says North Korean soldier defects to South
Alleged Canadian serial killer won't stand trial until 2020
Ex-Justice Dept. employee admits to helping aid lobbying effort meant to shut down Malaysian corruption probe
US couple killed by gas leak at Mexico rental
"George H.W. Bush, 41st president of the United States, dies at 94"
George H.W. Bush dies at 94. The 41st president of the United States helped guide the world out of a four-decade Cold War.
Mexico gets 1st leftist leader after 32 years of technocrats
1991 Gulf War looms large over Bush's Mideast legacy
"Israel, Palestinians jockey over Jerusalem in Trump era"
Romania celebrates 100th birthday amid rule of law concerns
State media: Iran launches domestically made destroyer
West Papuans stage pro-independence rally in Indonesia
World waits to see if Trump-Xi dinner brings trade peace
Trump's on-off dance with complicated acquaintances
Steps from the border but miles from the dream
"Cohen seeks 'time served' prison sentence, says again his crimes were meant to protect Trump"
A groundbreaking beauty pageant for those with albinism
West Papuans demand independence at Indonesia rally
"On World AIDS Day, why the politics of AIDS is so important"
"AMLO will be inaugurated as Mexico's president, vowing to transform the country"
Pompeo and Mattis criticized for defending U.S. alliance with Saudi Arabia
Local Taliban commander killed in shootout in Pakistan
Gorbachev thanks Bush for his friendship
How do resource-constrained countries commit to universal health care?
Triumphant Democrats offer a primer on how to beat Trump in Pennsylvania
UN: Driver wounded by gunfire in eastern Syria
"The crazy, ambitious plan of Mexico's President AMLO"
Ukraine stops 100 Russians from entering amid entry ban
May faces more Brexit woes after UK minister quits
Burundi issues arrest warrants around 1993 assassination
Spain: 2 Catalan separatists start hunger strike in prison
"Gorbachev lauds Bush for political abilities, character"
"If you're single with cancer, you may get less aggressive treatment than a married person"
Pope says he's worried about homosexuality in priesthood
"3 takeaways about Trump's role in Cohen's lies, from Cohen's new filing"
'Giant of a man': George H.W. Bush's grieving family celebrates a 'remarkable' life
Trump to name Dec. 5 a national day of mourning for George H.W. Bush
Trump to name Dec. 5 a national day of mourning for former president George H.W. Bush
Ex-Justice Dept. employee admits to aiding lobbying effort meant to shut down Malaysian corruption probe
The Latest: New cabinet secretaries take over Mexican posts
UN: Aid mission driver wounded by gunfire in eastern Syria
Pakistan clerics in blasphemy case to face treason charges
British zoo defends decision to kill escaped snow leopard
"Trump to attend George H.W. Bush funeral, names Dec. 5 national day of mourning"
The Latest: Venezuela leader protested at Mexico ceremony
Trump scraps news conference 'out of respect' for Bushes
Pope says he's worried about homosexuality in the priesthood
Trump cancels summit news conference 'out of respect for the Bush Family' after death of former president
"George H.W. Bush valued expertise, prudence in navigating a world on fire"
I worked in George H.W. Bush's press office. He was like a father to me.
Moscow looks back with nostalgia: Bush was a steady hand while Soviet Union collapsed
The wildly ambitious plan of Mexico's President AMLO
The Latest: Ukraine: Huge Russian military buildup on border
The Latest: Mexico's new leader hosts Britain's Corbyn
Report: Iran sentences female pro-reform journalist to jail
Mueller's probe has produced a rogues' gallery of liars
Owners of the few Calif. homes left standing took critical steps to ward off wildfires
"AMLO inaugurated as Mexico's president, vowing to transform the country"
"G-20 leaders agree on final statement on trade, climate, migration"
Pope says governments have duty to combat drug traffickers
Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador has been sworn in as first leftist president of Mexico in decades
Trumps to attend state funeral for George H.W. Bush
The Latest: Trump expresses sympathies to Bush sons
"Gorbachev praises Bush for political abilities, character"
Bernie Sanders turns focus to the White House and the world
'We don't want him here': Saudi crown prince is a protected pariah at G-20 summit
Ukraine cites massive buildup of Russian forces along border
"The Latest: Trump, Erodogan meet amid outcry over Khashoggi"
Mexico gets leftist leader after decades of technocrats
The Latest: Lopez Obrador sworn in as Mexican president
The Latest: Merkel: Russia can't block Ukraine's ports
"North Carolina elections board chairman resigns, says he doesn't want his partisan views to hurt election fraud investigation"
"French President Macron denounces violent protesters in Paris, promises a tough response"
The Latest: Lopez Obrador reaches out to US at inauguration
Second City will teach you how to not offend your co-workers and lose your job
Why France loves this Algerian writer more than Algeria does
Where are all the children? How Greece's financial crisis led to a baby bust.
Saudi prince starts Sunday a two-day visit to Algeria
"In the end, a peaceful passing for the 41st president"
This high school was rocked by an HIV scare 10 years ago
Trump to send Air Force One to Texas to transport former President George H.W. Bush's casket to Washington.
"Trump opens trade dinner with Xi, hails their 'special' relationship, says hopeful for agreement at 'some point'"
"In election's wake, Trump courts Democratic Sen. Joe Manchin"
George H.W. Bush left a note to Bill Clinton. It's an artifact of political humility.
Neuroscientist thinks one way to fight opioid addiction is to tackle loneliness
&#8216;Wouldn&#8217;t be prudent&#8217;: George H.W. Bush&#8217;s unlikely friendship with Dana Carvey
Scientist to discuss how we can adapt - and improve our survival - to future natural disasters
"New drugs, decades in the making, are providing relief for migraines."
Mexico's president has turned the presidential mansion into a museum
Trump sets aside political differences in honoring Bush
"Trump praises George H.W. Bush and his legacy, putting aside past feud with family"
A HUD official is moving into public housing. Is it accountability or a publicity stunt?
