Rick Scott sets 'big announcement' for April 9 amid expectations he will run for Senate
Cisco Systems pledges $50 million to address homelessness in Silicon Valley
CVS-Aetna wants to be in your neighborhood because Zip codes powerfully shape people's health
The Latest: Seoul says it can't confirm North Korean visit
China's VIP security raises speculation of Kim Jong Un visit
Kenyan govt attempts to deport Kenyan politician again
Trump is hiring people who've been auditioning on television - whether they know it or not
The Trump administration is adding a citizenship question to the Census. Here's why that's bad for Democrats.
Stephon Clark's family demands prosecution in fatal shooting of unarmed father
Stephen Hawking did not suddenly believe in God on his deathbed
Mexico pledges $4.3 million effort to stop Tijuana spills
Russia expects deal with major rebel group in Syria's Ghouta
"Egypt begins voting for president, with el-Sissi assured win"
Abbott hints at still having Australian leadership ambitions
Drone nearly hits plane landing in New Zealand from Japan
The Latest: Singer's Guam charges lead to Hawaii sentence
Brazil struggles to care for Venezuela's indigenous Warao
Trump and the West give Putin the fight he needs
Train's arrival in Beijing raises speculation of Kim visit
The Latest: Cars leave guesthouse favored by Kim's father
Myanmar army chief tells rebels to stop demanding impossible
Japanese official denies Abe pressure in school land deal
Novartis sells joint venture stake to GSK for $13 billion
The Latest: Russia slams Australia for expelling 2 diplomats
Greenpeace leaves sustainable wood certification group
Anti-Semitic murder of woman in Paris: suspects charged
The Latest: Convoy seen in Beijing arriving at train station
Thousands in Russian city rally after shopping mall fire
Egypt holds 2nd day of presidential election; outcome known
Syrian media say evacuations from eastern Ghouta increasing
South Korean auto workers blast revised trade deal with US
The Latest: China says it has no info on possible Kim visit
The Fed's next big appointment will probably be another white man. Here's why it struggles to diversify its leadership.
"Mitch Landrieu, mayor of New Orleans, is awarded the Kennedy Profile in Courage Award"
Distraught locals demonstrate after Russian mall fire where at least 41 children died
"For North Korean leaders, a train unlike any other"
Israeli military captures 3 armed infiltrators from Gaza
US senators appeal to Poland over property restitution bill
"Amid tensions with Turkey, Iraqi PM orders forces to border"
Media watchdog: 2 Indian reporters killed in attacks
"Q&#038;A for federal workers: Combining sick, annual leave"
Catalonia is just the most recent referendum on sovereignty. Why are they proliferating?
Why is there an armored train in Beijing? Is it Kim Jong Un's?
Report: Key unofficial bishop in Vatican-China deal detained
Lebanese suspect charged with murdering Filipina maid
South Korean president visits his troops training Emiratis
South Africa land protest turns violent; 30 arrested
Analysis: NKorean visit shows China still has role to play
"More white evangelicals believe Stormy Daniels, and that could have some long-term implications"
John Bolton talks tough on the U.N. What's his record really like?
Lawmakers: Let teens drive 18-wheelers cross-country
Federal jurors get their first raise in nearly 30 years
"After U.S. expels 60 diplomats, Russia does what it's best at: trolling"
Is Kim Jong Un in Beijing? Arrival of mystery train causes a stir
Mysterious train sparks speculation of Kim visit to Beijing
The Latest: Russia vows to retaliate for expelled envoys
Turkey: Police search for Italian man missing in Istanbul
The Latest: UN rights body registers Puigdemont's complaint
Cambodia's leader says no negotiations with opposition
The Finance 202: Trump team's trade talks won't end stock market turmoil
The Daily 202: How a conservative think tank is trying to tackle climate change
The Health 202: Why the medical community is concerned about a genetic testing boom
Lawmakers: Lower the age limit for driving 18-wheelers cross-country
A bride-to-be sent an invitation to the wrong address. It came back with this note.
Distraught residents demonstrate after Russian mall fire that killed at least 41 children
Roads blocked in Catalonia to protest leader's detention
Anti-Semitic murder of old woman sparks emotion in France
Indonesian court orders therapy for Australian drug user
Spanish government predicts stronger economic growth
The Energy 202: Meet the government insiders quietly shaping Trump's energy and environment agenda
'The speaker is not resigning': Ryan's office dismisses GOP lawmaker's rumor
He spent 23 years in prison before DNA exonerated him. Now he's back working for the White Sox.
Suspected drug kingpin charged with trafficking enough fentanyl to kill 10 million people
"I'm not rude, just French, says Canadian server who was fired for 'combative' attitude"
Distraught residents demonstrate after Russian mall fire kills at least 41 children
Greece gets green light for 6.7 billion euro bailout batch
Berlin to ignore vote on city airport's future
The Latest: EU lawmaker: open up to Russia at the same time
Is Kim Jong Un in Beijing? Arrival of mystery train causes a stir.
Boris Johnson's 'sexist' behavior swiftly shut down in the House of Commons
The Latest: US Speaker Ryan praises Russian expulsions
Ex-NATO chief seeks task force to clean up Latvian banking
Italy detains Egyptian imam accused of preaching violence
Egyptians vote for a second day amid signs of low turnout
"Australia, Ireland join countries expelling Russians"
Retiring Pennsylvania congressman pulls name off ballot
Man arrested in Seattle accused of sending suspicious packages to D.C. area government facilities
The U.S. and Europe say the Kremlin poisoned Sergei Skripal. Russians don't buy it.
Macedonia charges 28 people for parliament attack
Yucky ducky? Study reveals bath-time toy's dirty secret
"Nearly 4,000 forces enter Rio favela amid wave of violence"
The Latest: Lawyer: Catalan ex-president in 'perfect shape'
Roads blocked in Catalonia to protest ex-leader's detention
Trump privately presses for military to pay for border wall
This GOP congressman just demonstrated what a headache retirements will be for Republicans in 2018
Linda Brown's death is a reminder of how much segregation still exists in America's schools
John Paul Stevens's supremely unhelpful call to repeal the Second Amendment
Why adding a citizenship question to the census launched a political firestorm
"FDA sued for delaying e-cigarette, cigar regulations"
"One in five Americans wants the Second Amendment to be repealed, national survey finds"
Here are all the countries that just expelled Russian diplomats
"As diplomatic crisis intensifies, the world pays tribute to victims of devastating fire in Russia"
Judge orders embargo of Puerto Rico Catholic church accounts
Albanian police arrest 5 transporting Syrian migrants
Afghan air force drops first laser-guided bomb during combat
Drama as Kenya tries to deport opposition politician again
The Latest: Slovakia divided over Russian expulsions
Democrats did 'duty' in Md. redistricting. Now the Supreme Court will evaluate.
The sliming of Parkland students shows the spreading stain of media polarization
A boy was decapitated on a waterslide. Now the ride's 'visionary' creator faces a murder charge.
An aid group brought rescued migrants to Italy. Now they'll stand trial for doing so.
"As diplomats are expelled, flowers are laid outside Russian embassies for fire victims"
Syrian troops mass around town as rebels refuse to leave
The Latest: Belgium to expel Russian diplomat in spy dispute
Images: This monster Atlantic storm almost became the 5th nor'easter of March
"More than 4 million people left the workforce because of opioid addiction, according to study"
State Department braces for Bolton's return
An aid group brought rescued migrants to Italy. Now they'll stand trial for it.
Officials: Ecuador journalists abducted near Colombia border
US: Failure of UN Syria cease-fire demand 'a day of shame'
Paul Ryan hopes Czechs will send Russian hacker to America
The Latest: French police free 17-year-old in attack case
Gerrymandering is one problem for Democrats. Wasted votes is another.
Is Trump too much of a perjury risk for potential lawyers? That and other possibilities.
"Nearly 1 million people were out of the workforce because of opioid addiction in 2015, according to study"
"Justice Dept., West Palm Beach settle lawsuit over sanctuary cities crackdown"
Expert says Brexit campaign used data mined from Facebook
Anti-Semitic slaying of 85-year-old prompts outcry in France
Pope visits retired pontiff after doctored letter scandal
"Egypt tries to boost voter turnout with incentives, threats"
UN extends Congo peacekeeping force after a deadly year
Protesters demand officials' ouster in Russian mall fire
Only one-third of African Americans say they have confidence in the police. Killings like Alton Sterling's are part of the reason.
Military veterans with PTSD turn to service dogs for help. But does it work?
Putin flies to Siberian city after deadly mall fire sparks protests and rumors that the death toll is actually much higher
Inspector general: FBI didn't fully explore whether it could hack a terrorist's iPhone before asking court to order Apple to unlock it
"Justice Dept., West Palm Beach settle lawsuit over crackdown on sanctuary cities"
Russian mall fire: Protesters demand officials' ouster
Russian court upholds injunction blocking Navalny's video
"Israel's Netanyahu hospitalized with fever, cough"
The more important woman in the news recently? Hillary Clinton - at least at Fox.
Baton Rouge officers won't be charged in 2016 fatal shooting of Alton Sterling
"California, NY sue Trump administration over addition of citizenship question to census"
Meet the man leading the charge against the global HIV/AIDS epidemic
"For military veterans suffering from PTSD, are service dogs good therapy?"
Watch a midwife deliver her own baby by C-section
"Feds say self-help guru coerced followers into sex, had them branded with a cauterizing pen"
"Bloodthirsty mice attack nesting albatrosses at Midway Atoll, threatening the seabird population"
Olivia de Havilland's lawsuit against 'Feud' creators gets tossed: She 'does not own history'
"Cambridge Analytica's Alexander Nix: Bond villain, tech genius or hustler?"
Court halts embargo of Puerto Rico Catholic church accounts
"Ethiopia's ruling coalition names new chairman, set to be PM"
The Latest: Girlfriend of French supermarket shooter charged
Man arrested in Seattle accused of sending suspicious packages to D.C.-area government facilities
The Latest: Reports: Zuckerberg to testify before Congress
Brazil's Odebrecht signs contract with power utility
The Latest: Morocco asks why France didn't flag attacker
"Nearly 4,000 troops patrol Rio favelas amid wave of violence"
"Trump's Census, citizenship decision ignites legal and political battle"
Seattle man arrested and accused of sending 11 suspicious packages to D.C.-area federal facilities
"FBI assigns 54 staffers to work on producing Clinton, McCabe and Carter Page records for House Judiciary chairman"
"Seoul: Beijing confirms visit of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un to China, his first foreign trip since taking power"
US chess grandmaster Caruana wins shot at world title match
Morocco asks why France didn't flag up supermarket attacker
