Lawmakers exploring possible pardon talks involving Michael Cohen
Venezuela's Guaido visits Ecuador to build pressure on rival
He joined the FBI on the heels of a terrorist attack. Now he has retired after working on an investigation authorities think prevented one.
29 parents separated from their children and deported last year cross U.S. border to request asylum
"SKorea, US end springtime military drills to back diplomacy"
South Korea and the U.S. say they've decided to end their springtime military drills to back diplomacy with North Korea
Leading corporate architect of postwar boom years dies at 96
"Sacramento police officers who fatally shot Stephon Clark will not be charged, prosecutor says"
Skywatch: Spring forward in March with a time change and the brightness of Venus
"France's minorities are angry, too. But they're mostly avoiding the yellow vest protests."
U.S. and S. Korea to end military exercises that riled North and switch to smaller effort
Father of Argentine President Mauricio Macri dies at 88
"Venezuela's Guaido, in Ecuador, says next stop is home"
Estonians head to polls with populist party seen rising
"UN says heavy rains, floods kill 20 in southern Afghanistan"
First lull in Kashmir since latest India-Pakistan escalation
"Photo of Iran opposition leader, wife shared despite ban"
"5 years on, Malaysia open to proposals to resume MH370 hunt"
Estonians vote in election with populists seen making gains
Fierce fighting as US-backed Syrian forces advance on IS
Omar al-Bashir has ruled Sudan for 30 years. His latest crackdown could be his last.
Pulitzer-winning photojournalist Yannis Behrakis dead at 58
Poland holds vote in Gdansk to elect slain mayor's successor
Israeli leader condemns attack on French synagogue memorial
"US, South Korea end spring military drills to back diplomacy"
Spokesman: Libyan strongman's forces control south
Dutch husband of Shamima Begum wants to take her home
Algeria's Bouteflika due to submit candidacy amid protests
Afghanistan donates $1 million to UN agency for Palestinians
German public servants to get 8-percent pay increases
Sudanese protests continue despite president's ban
Hungary's Orban: European party opponents 'useful idiots'
Italy's fractious opposition Democrats vote for a leader
Egypt military court upholds sentence against former auditor
Egypt's top cleric stirs controversy with polygamy remarks
"Egypt's top cleric calls polygamy 'injustice,' draws debate"
Italy's Democrats vote for new leader to revive faded party
John Bolton: North Korea summit was not a failure
House Judiciary chairman says he will launch probe of Trump's 'abuse of power'
Spring put on hold as storm rolls across U.S. and polar air arrives
'Jury Acquits Jackson': How the King of Pop's child molestation trial was reported in 2005
UK foreign secretary says 'last chance' for peace in Yemen
Bad weather delays search for 2 climbers in Pakistan
Britain wants to cancel her passport. Her ISIS husband thinks they can live in the Netherlands.
Palestinian leader in Iraq for talks with officials
Cyclist admits blood doping amid investigations into network
Venezuela's Guaido urges supporters to protest on Monday
"No respite for Kashmir, even as tensions between India and Pakistan decrease"
"Republican Sen. Rand Paul says he will vote for measure blocking Trump's emergency declaration, paving way for passage"
Algeria's president files candidacy papers amid protests
American Airlines apologizes for booting a mother and baby with a dry skin condition
U.S. and South Korea end military exercises that riled North Korea in favor of something smaller
IS fighters put up fierce resistance to defend last pocket
Selma event a showcase for Democratic figures
Guaido says he'll be returning to Venezuela for nationwide protests Monday
"Algeria's president runs for 5th term, promises key changes"
Assad wants to be back in the Arab fold. The U.S. stands in the way.
"Huawei CFO suing Canada, its border agency and the RCMP"
"A teen got vaccinated against his parents' wishes. Now, he'll testify before Congress."
"Center-right party favoring lower taxes is top vote-getter in Estonia election, while far-right populists win big"
Selma sets a stage for Democrats
The Trailer: What Bernie Sanders brings into his second bid
'He gets to decide': President escalates his fight against climate science
It's so dangerous to police MS-13 in El Salvador that officers are fleeing the country
"'Losing support by the hour': Venezuela's Maduro will be out of power soon, Colombian president says"
Italy's Democrats have new leader in bid to invigorate party
