GOP congressional candidate says he will ask N.C. court to certify his victory as election officials delay fraud hearing
Senate Judiciary Committee sets confirmation hearing for Trump attorney general pick William Barr
Romney asserts his independence from Trump - and Trump's defenders return his searing criticism of the president
Couples can't get marriage licenses in D.C. during federal shutdown
US trying to rescue 24 fishing crew on remote Pacific atoll
"El Salvador murder rate falls, though still among deadliest"
Border clash was at least 2nd use of tear gas since November
"A defensive Trump calls a Cabinet meeting and uses it to boast, deflect and distract"
"Pelosi fills role as Trump's sparring partner, respecting the office but not the man"
Shutdown worsens strain on U.S. immigration system
Hasina's dominating win feared as enabling authoritarianism
"In India, Catholic priests have preyed on nuns for decades"
"House Ethics Committee says Rep. Tom Garrett misused official resources, was 'trying to run out the clock' on probe"
US helping rescue 24 fishing crew on grounded Pacific ship
"House Ethics Committee says Rep. Thomas Garrett misused official resources, was 'trying to run out the clock' on probe"
A black 7-year-old's slaying has Houston on edge. The family thinks it was racially motivated.
"Comic writer and actor who appeared on 'Curb Your Enthusiasm,' dies at 76"
Brazil's Bolsonaro hands farming interests greater sway over Amazon lands&nbsp;&nbsp;
Comic writer and actor who appeared on 'Curb Your Enthusiasm' dies at 76
Chinese spacecraft makes first landing on moon's far side
Nuns in India tell AP of enduring abuse in Catholic church
"Tropical storm to bring rain, high seas to southern Thailand"
Chinese official media say a Chinese spacecraft has made the first successful landing ever on the far side of the moon
"Asia shares mixed, Shanghai gains after Apple sales warning"
Russian apartment collapse death toll rises to 37
Bolsonaro joins Trump's right-wing axis
Bolsonaro hands farming interests greater sway over Amazon lands
Police: 5 Israeli officers hurt by stone-throwing settlers
Tropical storm to lash Thailand's famed southern beach towns
Does it matter that Trump has only spent 6 percent of the 'wall' money?
A new space power is born as China lands on the far side of the moon
Germany: woman hit by metal splinters on New Year's Eve dies
Nigerian helicopter crashes while fighting Boko Haram
SKorean lawmaker: Spy agency says NKorean diplomat in hiding
Danish train crash toll up to 8 after more bodies found
Californian sailor welcomes discovery of yacht in Australia
South Korean lawmaker cites Seoul spy agency as saying North Korean diplomat in Italy has gone into hiding
Bohemian Rhapsody fever sweeps Japan and South Korea
"Earthquake rattles southwest Japan, no damage reported"
UK makes 2 arrests in migrant Channel crossings
Hindu hard-liners paralyze Indian state over women at shrine
World shares retreat on growth fears after Apple warning
China lands spacecraft on 'dark' side of moon in world first
Three things that the trade war with China won&#8217;t change
"As China lands on the far side of the moon, a new space power is born"
"In India, two women defy protests - and centuries of tradition - by entering a temple"
US officials discuss Turkey's request for cleric's return
Suspects in Khashoggi's killing brought before Saudi court
Woman in Germany dies from gunshot on New Year's Eve
Big elections are coming in 2019. Here's how they could reshape foreign policy.
"Saudi Arabia holds first court session in Khashoggi trial, prosecutors say"
"North Korea's ambassador to Italy has gone missing, South Korean lawmaker says"
Italy invented coffee culture. Now it's a coffee time capsule.
Iran's health minister resigns over proposed budget cuts
"Sudan under al-Bashir: Long history of turmoil, conflicts"
Thailand braces for powerful storm at southern beach towns
4 skiers missing after avalanche in northern Norway
Niger says days of raids kill 280 Boko Haram extremists
Bernie Sanders apologizes to women who felt mistreated during 2016 campaign
"Despite what Trump says, most Americans want climate action - even if China doesn't do its part"
"Trump has spent only 6 percent of the funds allocated for the border 'wall', lawmakers argue. So what does that really mean?"
Apple's stark warning may be ominous news for China
The Latest: Defector: Missing NKorean from prominent family
Saudi Arabia says 5 face death penalty in Khashoggi killing
German governor condemns actions by migrants and far-right
"Saudi Arabia to seek death penalty for five suspects in Khashoggi trial, prosecutors say"
'Bohemian Rhapsody' fever sweeps Japan and South Korea
Sudan's opposition calls for more protests against al-Bashir
India deports second group of Rohingya Muslims to Myanmar
Croatia gives Israel deadline on F-16 jets delivery
The new Congress: Pelosi poised to retake gavel as shutdown continues
NASA releases first up-close images of the most distant object ever explored
'We gave more than enough sacrifices': Afghans blast Trump's praise of the Soviet invasion
The Latest: Search of collapsed building ends with 39 deaths
"Russian emergency officials say search of collapsed apartment building is over, put accident's death toll at 39"
Russian apartment collapse death toll rises to 38
German journalists' group advises against travel to Turkey
Croatia gives Israel deadline on F-16 jets sale
"Martin O'Malley won't seek White House, urges Beto O'Rourke to take a stab"
Can Romney chart a course that has eluded other GOP critics of Trump?
Afghans blast Trump's praise of the Soviet invasion
"Russia has formally charged Paul Whelan, an American citizen, with espionage, Interfax news agency reports"
US airstrike in Somalia kills 10 al-Shabab extremists
Apple warning of weak sales in China sends US stocks sinking
"Search of Russian building ends with 39 dead, 1 survivor"
House Democrats plan to hold hearings on Medicare for All
"Sen. Graham: If Trump gives in on the shutdown, it's 'probably the end of his presidency'"
The subset of the subset of Americans to whom Trump's wall stubbornness is catering
"U.S. officials in Turkey to discuss extradition of exiled cleric, state media says"
"American Paul Whelan charged with espionage in Russia, news agency reports"
"China lands spacecraft on the far side of the moon, a historic first"
Stocks plunge after Apple sees slower iPhone sales in China
Croatia gives Israel deadline for sale of US-made F-16 jets
Bail sought for ex-Marine held in Moscow for alleged spying
North Korean envoy to Italy vanishes - did he defect?
The Latest: Malta offers safe haven to migrant rescue ships
A 400-pound gavel? The story of a symbol of congressional power and its heavy-handed abusers.
"Volunteers, friends and states try to fill the void left by the federal shutdown"
Sequencing newborn babies' DNA raises more questions than it answers
Pope Francis acknowledges sex abuse scandals have damaged Catholic Church
Government shutdown stalls FAA investigations into plane crashes
U.S. warns Iran not to launch satellites into space
Pope Francis acknowledges sexual abuse scandals have damaged the Catholic Church
Romania: tax chief fired amid concerns about budget deficit
Status of women at Italian game in Saudi Arabia criticized
"The GOP's extremely telling, amoral response to Mitt Romney's op-ed"
The weirdly quiet White House
Trump administration considers rollback of anti-discrimination rules
Traffic police said a Buddhist monk's robes were a driving hazard. These priests are out to prove them wrong.
Justice Dept. investigating whether Zinke lied to inspector general
Partial building collapse kills 6 in India's capital
US Army chief of staff makes surprise stop in Kabul
Congo's Catholic church says data show clear election winner
Hindu hardliners clash with police over women at shrine
China lunar probe sheds light on the 'dark' side of the moon
The new Congress: Pelosi retakes House gavel as shutdown continues
The GOP's amoral response to Mitt Romney's op-ed
"Trump has spent only 6 percent of the funds allocated for the border 'wall,' lawmakers argue. So what does that really mean?"
Her brother's keeper? Iraq's only female cabinet minister could lose her job over alleged family ties to ISIS.
Why it matters that a Chinese prosecutor says two detained Canadians 'without a doubt' broke the law
Survivors are 'furious' a Netflix film apparently used footage from a real train crash
"Trump's pride could drag out the shutdown for a long, long time"
Congress is more heavily female than at any point in history - thanks solely to new Democrats
How long will the shutdown last? As long as Trump's pride demands.
Nancy Pelosi says Trump is not immune from indictment. Some legal experts agree.
Baby DNA tests raise as many questions as answers
Trump is proud of freeing U.S. citizens detained abroad. What happens when it's an American held in Russia?
"Attention, 'snowflakes' and 'me me me millennials': The British Army wants you"
The Latest: US urges Congo to release accurate vote results
Mexico asks US to investigate tear gas incident at border
Mexico asks US government to investigate Jan. 1 tear gas incident at border
Stocks dive after Apple says iPhone sales in China slowed
"Trump, once fiery on Twitter, warms to old fashioned mash notes from Kim Jong Un"
"How Trump's pride could drag out the shutdown for a long, long time"
Justice Dept. admits error but won't correct report linking terrorism to immigration
"Bosnians light candles for dead student, challenge police"
Mexico urges thorough probe into border tear gas incident
Final toll from collapsed Russian building: 39 dead
Just because government is now divided doesn't necessarily mean Washington will get less effective
Justice Dept. admits error in report linking terrorism and immigration but won't correct it
Stocks take a beating after iPhone sales slip; Dow falls 660
A video of Ocasio-Cortez dancing in college leaked. The Internet finds it adorable.
Trump seems to really like Nancy Pelosi
The Trailer: A guide to 2019 and the Democratic hopefuls' visible primary
A leader of the Democratic Class of 2018 confronts the challenges of governing
"Teens were throwing eggs at cars, police say. Now a mother of two is dead."
Analysis: Trump is proud of freeing U.S. citizens detained abroad. What happens when it's an American held in Russia?
"Saudi Arabia to seek death penalty for five defendants in Khashoggi trial, prosecutors say"
"Senate memo blasts U.S. Marshals Service for alleged misconduct, overspending"
Top US trade official voices concern over Peru logging
