'No collusion!' goes from a defiant mantra to a rallying cry for Trump's reelection
Mueller's punt on obstruction question throws issue into the political arena
Study finds 15 percent of young Parkland voters' ballots rejected
"Apparent second suicide rocks Parkland, Fla., community a year after deadly school shooting"
Russian accused of trying to smuggling orangutan out of Bali
Banning of manifesto raises free speech debate in N. Zealand
How much of the Mueller report will the public see - and when?
Netanyahu arrives in Washington as corruption allegations mount
Swedes keep room ready for US diplomats in Pyongyang
Military-backed party leads Thailand's post-coup election
"Asian shares sink, tracking Friday's retreat on Wall Street"
Ardern says royal commission will investigate mosque attacks
New Zealand prime minister announces top-level inquiry into Christchurch mosque massacre
Israel says Gaza rocket strikes home in central Israel
"New Zealand to probe role of spies, guns in mosque attacks"
Explosion heard in central Israel after air raid sirens wail; military says rocket fired from Gaza
China lays down a marker in Europe
Key developments from Thailand's post-coup election
"Gaza rocket strikes home in central Israel, 6 wounded"
Cyclone lashing northwest Australia weakens
"Gaza rocket strikes home in central Israel, 7 wounded"
Trump's misleading spin on the 2018 GDP growth rate
The Latest: Body of Pakistani victim Ahmed returned home
The Latest: Israeli PM to cut short US visit after attack
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says he is cutting Washington visit short after Gaza rocket attack on Israel
"Gaza rocket hits Israeli home injuring 7, Netanyahu cuts short Washington trip"
The Latest: Mosque attacks to get top-level inquiry
"Thai election results delayed, anti-junta party claims win"
Leader of anti-junta Pheu Thai party says it won most constituency seats and will try to form government
Thailand Election Commission says total vote count from election will be released Friday
"Afghan official: Taliban killed 33 troops, police in Helmand"
Russian lawmaker cheers findings of Mueller's report
Cameroon's citizens are losing hope that their country can remain united
New Zealand prime minister to visit China next week
"Thai vote results delayed, anti-junta party seeks leadership"
The Latest: Israel military mobilizes troops after attack
US military to provide support to Mozambique for cyclone
Israeli military says it's reinforcing troops along Gaza border and calling up reserves after rocket attack
Power Up: Robert Mueller's probe is over. But Washington is still divided.
Legal experts question William Barr's rationale for exonerating Trump
Trump is again criticizing the Fed. Could that hurt the U.S. credit rating?
"For Democrats, the Mueller report turns their politics upside down"
Powerball is up to $750 million - the fourth-largest jackpot in U.S. lottery history
"In Brazil, a rare school shooting fuels a familiar debate over guns"
Gaza rocket hits Israeli home injuring 7; Netanyahu cuts short Washington trip
Mueller report gives Russia 'I told you so' moment
'Egg Boy' teen defends egging anti-Muslim Australian senator
Indian police blame Kashmir rebels for death of boy hostage
Jordan king cancels Romania trip over Jerusalem declaration
Perilous times for Mozambican children impacted by cyclone
Italy's Salvini vows to change Europe after regional win
The Health 202: Why Congress isn't expanding virtual health care
"Mueller report fallout: Trump, Russia, others react to Barr summary"
The Cybersecurity 202: Democrats call for full Mueller report release in the name of election security
"As opioid crisis explodes, few youths get drug treatment - especially youths of color"
Australia's 'egg boy' says he 'united people. Scientists may have cracked why.
The U.S. is thinking of invading Venezuela. That's unlikely to lead to democracy.
Thai parties jostle for power after 1st election since coup
"UN warns of spike in cholera, displacement in Yemen"
German ministry stands by 'sexist' bike helmet campaign
Firebomb thrown at home of Greek deputy minister
5 killed in shooting in China's Inner Mongolia
"The Energy 202: Rick Perry calls expanding nuclear energy ""the real"" Green New Deal"
Why you never seem to have enough time
"Republicans cheer, Democrats challenge Mueller's findings on Trump and Russia"
Russia joins Trump in post-Mueller report victory lap
Australia's 'egg boy' says he 'united people.' Scientists may have cracked why.
Sri Lanka imposes daily 4-hour power cuts due to dry weather
Aid increases to thousands homeless from Mozambique cyclone
"Drugs, mobile phones delivered to UK prison inside dead rats"
"Flash floods in southern Iran kill at least 11, injure 15"
Greek PM: Turkish fighter jets harassed helicopter
Norway to open probe into cruise in stormy weather
"The Technology 202: Talk of cable's demise 'drastically premature' as Apple dives into streaming, top lobbyist says"
Pro-military and pro-democracy camps both claim victory in Thai elections
'A wave that covered the entire ship': Passengers recount harrowing ordeal aboard ocean liner
Gaza rocket hits Israeli home injuring seven; Netanyahu cuts short Washington trip
Chairman of India's ailing Jet Airways resigns
Erdogan: Istanbul's Hagia Sophia could be turned into mosque
Syrian group wants international tribunal for IS detainees
"Flash floods in southern Iran kill at least 17, injure 74"
"Indonesia says arrested Russian smuggled orangutan, lizards"
French Europe minister to lead Macron's EU campaign
"All your big questions about the Mueller report, answered"
The Daily 202: This is not 'complete and total exoneration.' 10 takeaways from Barr's summary of Mueller's report.
Supreme Court won't hear appeal from company resisting Mueller subpoena
The end to the Mueller probe mirrors the end to two other recent high-profile fights
Pope travels to Loreto shrine to sign youth document
"Catalan ex-president visits German prison, donates books"
US stocks open lower on concerns over global growth
Lebanon PM undergoes heart procedure in France
Brits pretend they're sick of Brexit. But truth is they're obsessed.
The Chinese proverb that Russia cited to respond to the Mueller report does not appear to be a Chinese proverb
US cautions Russia over military mission in Venezuela
Greek PM: Turkish fighter jets harassed my helicopter
The Latest: Israel prepares for possible hostilities
Norway opens probe into why cruise ship ventured into storm
Top Polish court backs gov't legislation of choice of judges
"Pence blasts Democrats on Israel, anti-Semitism in AIPAC speech"
Udall announces he won't seek another term representing New Mexico
"With Mueller's work done, 2020 Democrats are now free to ... keep not talking about Mueller"
He was called 'foolish' for arguing the immune system could fight cancer. Then he won a Nobel.
California mosque set ablaze in 'clear homage' to New Zealand attack
Georgia fraternity suspended after video 'mocking slavery' goes viral
China lays down a marker in Europe as Italy joins the Belt and Road initiative
E.U. says it's prepared for a 'no-deal' Brexit. Britain can't say the same.
First of the 'Snowden refugees' has been granted asylum in Canada
Israeli jets hit targets in Gaza in response to rocket fire that injures 7 near Tel Aviv
Erdogan proposal to make Hagia Sophia a mosque irks Greece
Germany stands by 'sexist' bike helmet campaign
The Latest: PM: Israel responding 'forcefully' to rocket
Study: Sexual torture widespread for migrants seeking Europe
Runaway Saudi sisters leave Hong Kong for new country
"The aftermath of the Mueller investigation, in one graph"
Attorney General Barr's memo comes at a time of deep distrust in the executive branch
Trump's Twitter habits are affecting how local politicians behave online
Man critically injured in apartment fire in Southeast Washington
"Father of Sandy Hook victim found dead in apparent suicide, police say"
Attorney Michael Avenatti charged with extortion by federal prosecutors in New York
Coaches are expected in federal court to face charges in college admissions bribery scandal
A Texas scientist was called 'foolish' for arguing the immune system could fight cancer. Then he won the Nobel Prize.
"A suspect confessed four times to killing a nurse. After three decades, police finally listened."
A California mosque was set ablaze in 'clear homage' to the New Zealand terrorist attack
Tribes at odds with Calif. officials over the right to sell marijuana
Europe says it's prepared for a 'no-deal' Brexit. Britain can't say the same.
Pompeo warns Russia about its military presence in Venezuela
A photographer explores the mystique behind her memories of Crimea
Russia savors Mueller's report but expects tensions to stay
German police: Man hits unrepentant smoker with fence picket
"US stocks veer lower, on track to extend last week's losses"
The Latest: Israeli airstrike destroys building in Gaza City
UN appeals for $282 million to help Mozambique for 3 months
"Your big questions about the Mueller report, answered"
Florida neighborhood besieged by thousands of reportedly poisonous frogs 'covering every square inch'
"Father of Sandy Hook shooting victim found dead in apparent suicide, police say"
'Cancel Brexit' petition surpasses 5.5 million signatures as momentum builds
'Rigged' and 'robbed': Thaksin Shinawatra says Thai elections weren't free or fair
"Mexico restarts search for missing, digging for 1970s victim"
The Latest: Air raid sirens heard in southern Israel
"Ukraine denies entry to Italian journalist, says he's biased"
UN makes urgent appeal to help victims of Mozambique cyclone
"Macron hopes protester, 73, gains 'wisdom' after injuries"
Sen. Lindsey Graham says he told John McCain to give Trump-Russia dossier to FBI
The limits of Trump's claim of exoneration
Puerto Rico faces food-stamp crisis as Trump privately vents about federal aid to Hurricane Maria-battered island
Puerto Rico faces food-stamp crisis as Trump vents about federal aid to island
"Attorney Michael Avenatti arrested, charged with trying to extort Nike"
Florida neighborhood besieged by thousands of poisonous toads 'covering every square inch'
Brits pretend they're sick of Brexit. The truth is that they're obsessed.
Former prime minister says Thai elections weren't free or fair&nbsp;
Sirens wail across southern Israel as Gaza militants launch at least 10 rockets following strike on Hamas chief's office
Brazilian judge orders release of former President Temer
Jordan king cancels Romania trip over Jerusalem remarks
Correction: Brazil-Dam Collapse story
Beto O'Rourke's voter-enthusiasm sales pitch isn't as strong as he thinks
"For many of his critics, Trump is still 'unfit' to be president"
French carnival workers riot over Le Mans fairground space
Former Afghan hostage being tried on assault against wife
"Large new blackout strikes Venezuelan capital, provinces"
The Latest: Hamas says cease-fire reached with Israel
What we are still waiting to learn from the Mueller report
Several coaches plead not guilty in college admissions bribery scandal
Assad loyalists are turning on Syria's government as living standards deteriorate
U.N. confirms that U.S.-led airstrike killed 13 civilians in Afghanistan
Canada takes refugee who sheltered Snowden
US stocks end choppy day mixed amid global growth jitters
"In weekend swing, Sanders goes back and forth about whether to get personal"
Michael Avenatti's spectacular fall from (brief) grace
What Barr's letter does - and doesn't - tell us about proving conspiracy and collusion
Transportation Secretary Chao adds panel review to Boeing investigations
Report: U.S. government wasted up to $1 billion on charter schools and still fails to adequately monitor grants
Michael Avenatti is accused of trying to extort Nike
Former prime minister says Thai elections weren't free or fair
"UK Parliament gains greater control of stalled Brexit process, set to hold series of votes on different outcomes."
Ex-Brazilian President Temer released from jail after 5 days
Vatican negotiator reveals decades-long path to China deal
"With special counsel probe completed, Trump faces question of whether to pardon aides caught up in the investigation"
Democrats largely give up on impeachment in wake of Mueller report
"Dispute erupts over Mueller's findings on Trump, Russia and obstruction of justice"
A brutal attack almost killed her husband. It transformed her into a different person.
Women who say they were sickened by breast implants want FDA to act
"Gay, transgender detainees allege abuse at ICE facility in New Mexico"
"With Mueller gone, can Trump pursue his dream of a Russian reset?"
Brazil's president approves commemorations of dictatorship
"Mexico president asks Spain, Pope to apologize for conquest"
Chinese student kidnapped in Canadian condo garage
