Proposed amnesty for crimes against humanity stirs outrage in Guatemala
'They are authorized to shoot us': Stories from 5 soldiers who broke from Maduro and Venezuela's armed forces
Former senior national security officials to issue declaration on national emergency
Consumer goods companies preparing for climate change impact
Hanoi children hope to give Kim old-style comradely welcome
"Nightmare result of US-NKorea talks: Bad deal, little change"
Hanoi Postcard: Children hope to give Kim comradely welcome
Voters in Japan's Okinawa prefecture deliver a resounding no to new U.S. military base
Okinawa referendum rejects relocation for US military base
Indian journalist gets bail in ex-minister's defamation suit
Pakistan building collapse kills 2 in Karachi; traps others
Is Venezuela lurching toward war?
China's Shanghai Composite jumps 5.5 percent after U.S. extends deadline for hike of U.S. tariffs.
AP Explains: How to verify North Korea's nukes
Media watchdog says Williams cartoon didn't breach standards
"The grand bargain in Hanoi takes shape, but can Trump and Kim close the deal?"
AP PHOTOS: 'Peace & Love' summit shirts for sale in Hanoi
The Latest: Shanghai shares soar after US tariff hike delay
Vietnam vows 'maximum level' security for Trump-Kim summit
President Trump's imaginary numbers on military aid to South Korea
Senior Taliban leaders in Qatar for talks with US envoy
"Bangladesh police ID suspect in plane hijacking as local, 24"
"'We fell in love': Trump and Kim shower praise, stroke egos on path to nuclear negotiations"
Taiwan's 2020 election campaign is already kicking off. It's all about the U.S. and China.
"Pakistan's court dismisses ex-PM Sharif's appeal, bail plea"
Iraq's president in Paris; will discuss French IS detainees
AP Explains: What to watch as Nigeria awaits vote results
UAE says its first astronaut going into space in September
UN chief: Human rights are losing ground in the world
Senegal president's party say results show he won vote
The U.S. wants China to adjust its exchange rate policy. That might backfire.
Chinese stock markets soar on signs that the trade war with U.S. could be ending
Burkina Faso says its forces have killed 29 extremists
Vietnamese party chief visits Cambodia to shore up relations
Russia: US asks for advice on North Korea talks
Three lessons from North Carolina's tainted election - and what comes next.
Power Up: Trump tries for a deal in Hanoi. But he has a slew of problems back home.
Trump may be about to call Europe's bluff on Iran. Europe isn't bluffing.
'We will only get stronger': Inside a liberal leader's balancing act on pushing the House to the left
Leaders of House liberal caucus consider new membership rules
EPA regulator skirts the line between former clients and current job
A newspaper editor urged the KKK to 'ride again.' A black woman is taking his place.
"Serena's Nike ad says 'if we get angry, we're hysterical.' Australia's ruling on a cartoon from last year just proved her right."
What's going on in Venezuela?
UK leader May under mounting pressure to delay Brexit
Pope's sex abuse summit: What it did and didn't do
These are U.S. allies&#8217; 3 big questions for the second Trump-Kim summit
The Energy 202: Trump ethics' rules at issue in controversy over EPA official's meeting
"The Cybersecurity 202: On Huawei policy, it's Trump vs. the Trump administration"
Waters backs 'undermined' protection staff facing Trump's 'anti-consumer action'
BMW fined for diesel software error
"The Latest: As Nigeria counts votes, observers hit delays"
South Korea: More needed than just end to NKorea tests
Trump accuses Spike Lee of delivering a 'racist hit' on him at Oscars
The Health 202: Drug executives may have to defend these expensive medicines to Congress
Three lessons from North Carolina's tainted election - and what comes next
A bookstore owner was in the hospital. So his competitors came and kept his shop open.
American Jewish lobby issues rare condemnation of Netanyahu deal with far right Israeli party
"Ahead of the Trump summit, a Kim Jong Un impersonator is booted from Vietnam"
"Serena Williams's Nike ad says 'if we get angry, we're hysterical.' Australia's ruling on a cartoon from last year just proved her right."
UN court to rule on British sovereignty over Chagos islands
Turkey renews criticism of China over Uighur minority
7 US troops injured in van crash in Poland
German court: Trial of Nazi guard unlikely to be restarted
The Technology 202: Policymakers sound alarms as Facebook quietly collects sensitive data from apps
Trump warns fellow Republicans as Congress prepares to vote on rejecting his national emergency
'This is Manila': Another body and another cold case amid an expanding war on drugs
American Israel lobby condemns Netanyahu deal with far right party
"Serena Williams's Nike ad says, 'if we get angry, we're hysterical.' Australia's ruling on a cartoon from last year just proved her right."
"Fugitive monkeys back at Berlin zoo, days after breakout"
UK makes move to ban membership in Hezbollah
Egypt's leader says Europe cannot 'teach us' about rights
UK Met Office measures warmest February day on record
The Latest: Election observers concerned by Nigeria vote
Former N.C. governor Pat McCrory rules out running in new election for state's 9th Congressional District
Democrats say they'll force Robert Mueller to testify. But what could he say?
Pence to address regional leaders about unseating Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro
The Daily 202: Jay Inslee is building his 2020 campaign around a more pragmatic approach to tackling climate change
Trump's tweet calling Spike Lee's Oscar speech 'racist' was a pointed message to his base
"Judges are 'appointed for life, not for eternity,' Supreme Court rules"
Cohen to be publicly questioned on hush payments and Trump's truthfulness
"After Spike Lee urges people to vote in 2020, Trump accuses him of delivering a 'racist hit'"
Trump Organization reports small bump in foreign government profits
"Student band yells obscenities, throws pig's blood on a woman during concert in a Berklee College of Music cafeteria"
Two suspects made out in the back of a police car. The officer who drove them is now suspended.
American Israel lobby condemns Netanyahu deal with far-right party
Analysis: What's going on in Venezuela?
The Latest: UN court says UK should end control of islands
Senegal election commission warns against early calls
"After terrorist attack in Kashmir, will India seek vengeance or de-escalation?"
"Interactions between top EPA air policy official, former clients prompt Democrats to request ethics probe"
Trump Organization donates profits from business with foreign governments
YouTube videos are hiding suicide tips for children. A pediatrician is exposing them.
Group brings a Mexican flavor to New Orleans's Mardi Gras
He just got $21 million after 39 years wrongly locked up. He has one cop to thank for freeing him.
Justin Fairfax likens himself to victims of 'terror lynchings' as he battles assault allegations
"'Target practice': Critics slam NRA's headline next to Pelosi, Giffords photo in magazine"
"For older people who stay in their homes, help is needed but often is inadequate."
"As the battle against ISIS grinds to a close, no one knows how many people are inside its shrinking territory"
UN court: UK must end administration of Chagos Islands
The Latest: US praises Nigeria on election but urges peace
"Iraq to try IS detainees, including 13 French nationals"
EU top official Tusk calls on May to delay Brexit
Pence in Colombia to discuss how to oust Venezuela's Maduro
"As Nigeria results roll in, observers criticize vote delays"
"Pence announces new sanctions, calls for asset crackdown in effort to pressure Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro"
The new divide in the climate change fight: Immediately vs. eventually
"Trump Organization asks House committee to cease investigations, citing an alleged conflict of interest"
Marco Rubio's awkward message to Venezuela's Maduro: Dictators get killed
Vice President Pence says U.S. is sending another $56 million to help Venezuela's neighbors cope with migration crisis.
"The Latest: Lawyer says UK, Mauritius should act on islands"
UN says emergency decree will impact peace in Sudan's Darfur
Syrian state media says President Bashar Assad visited Iran and met top officials in rare trip abroad
Reports: Ex-Rome mayor convicted in corruption case
Harry Reid once called George W. Bush the worst president ever. Then Trump came along.
How Trump's Twitter pushback essentially confirmed Spike Lee's speech
"Massive, damaging windstorm blasts Great Lakes and Northeast"
Former senior national security officials issue declaration on national emergency
Britain's 'Jihadi Jack' wants to return from Syria because he misses his mum and 'Doctor Who'
Egyptians cheer Rami Malek's Oscar win but wonder: Could he have done it here?
"Pakistan building collapse kills 2 in Karachi, traps others"
"1 month after Brazil dam collapse, stricter rules passed"
US airstrike in Somalia kills 35 al-Shabab extremists
"US military says airstrike in Somalia kills 35 al-Shabab extremists, not far from Ethiopian border"
"No, Trump's national emergency declaration hasn't erased his problem with suburban women"
What Robert Mueller could say on the witness stand
"No, special education does not treat disability like a disease and is not 'obsessed' with forcing students to conform"
"'Let's nap': A man mic'd up his 4-year-old at hockey practice, and the results are 'so pure'"
What Trump and Kim agreed to at their first meeting - and what actually happened afterward
'Seeded in social media': Jailed Philippine journalist says Facebook is partly responsible for her predicament
Hottest February day: The temperature in the United Kingdom soars to winter record
The Latest: Brazil wants non-military pressure on Venezuela
Pence in Colombia announces new sanctions on Maduro
Syria's Assad visits Iran in rare trip abroad
Mexico president sells predecessors' bulletproof cars
Trump's budget chief just wrote a stunningly disingenuous call for Congress to cut spending
Lindsey Graham explains his pro-Trump conversion - and it's not because he thinks Trump is great
"Nikki Haley's next act: A policy group, a book - but no word on 2024"
Here's why Algerians are protesting
Corbyn says Labour Party would back new Brexit referendum
"Trump and Kim shower praise, stroke egos on path to nuclear negotiations"
Analysis: What Trump and Kim agreed to at their first meeting - and what happened afterward
Jeremy Corbyn says Labour would back a second Brexit referendum
The Latest: Mauritius ruling a 'tool' for Cyprus on UK bases
Nigerian president takes early lead amid vote-rigging charge
Lindsey O. Graham explains his pro-Trump conversion - and it's not because he thinks Trump is great
Young protesters arrested outside Sen. Mitch McConnell's office demanding action on Green New Deal
FDA takes fresh look at whether opioids are effective for chronic pain
Young protesters demanding action on Green New Deal are arrested outside McConnell's office
Are these standardized test questions too hard for kids?
The data is in. Frogs don't boil. But we might.
"The military's male-only draft registration requirement is unconstitutional, a judge ruled. What comes next is unknown."
"Iran's foreign minister, who became the face of his country, tenders his resignation"
"As debate over Mueller report rages, Rosenstein says Justice Dept. should not release info on uncharged suspects"
Mass evacuations from Syria's last IS holdout continue
Ex-Rome mayor gets life ban on public office for corruption
Iran's foreign minister resigns
New Cuban constitution gets 87 percent approval
The Latest: Nigeria ruling party rejects rigging accusation
"Iranian foreign minister, who became face of his country during nuclear talks, quits"
US sending Central American migrant minors back to Mexico
The Latest: Colombian FM warns Maduro on Guaido's safety
Iran foreign minister resigns as his nuclear deal teeters
Senate blocks bill on medical care for children born alive after attempted abortion
"In Bladensburg Peace Cross case, Supreme Court's Elena Kagan could have pivotal role"
U.S. military's draft registration requirement for men is ruled unconstitutional
