Gov. Ralph Northam's political career is suddenly shaky. Here's what could happen next.
McConnell privately cautions Trump about emergency declaration on border wall
Supreme Court puts off decision on restrictive Louisiana abortion law
France to take back ISIS fighters in wake of U.S. withdrawal from Syria
Former presidential hopeful is jailed for sexual abuse in win for South Korea's #MeToo movement
"U.S. to withdraw from nuclear arms control treaty with Russia, raising fears of a new arms race"
Yemen coalition alarmed at Houthi cease-fire violations
Brazil pays homage to victims of dam collapse; toll hits 115
"Lawsuit claims Sackler family disregarded safety, opioid addiction in Purdue push to profit from OxyContin"
"An American hid his HIV status to survive in Singapore. Exposed, he allegedly punished thousands living with the virus."
"It started with a block of cheese. Now, America's politicians can't stop making ridiculous Super Bowl bets."
Mitch McConnell reportedly promised to 'crush' Joe Manchin 'like a grape.' He had a tasty comeback.
'Build the Peach!': Late-night hosts mock Trump's insistence that 'A WALL is a WALL!'
Christians in N. Korea tell of struggle to practice faith
N. Korean Christians keep faith in underground churches
Iowa student believed to have died after exposure to subzero temperatures
The Latest: Bolton: US to send humanitarian aid to Venezuela
"Family of student who died after pledge event sues 28 former fraternity members, settles with Penn State"
White House reverses course on watchdog pick for Education Department
"Honda's profit drops on incentives, currencies, flat sales"
"Mexican president launches ambitious forestry, orchard plan"
Meteorite strikes in town in western Cuba
N. Korean Christians keep faith underground amid crackdowns
"Gov. Ralph Northam admits he was in 1984 yearbook photo showing figures in blackface, KKK hood"
"House Democrats dig in as the majority, with focus on agenda and Trump"
"""Shocked, saddened and offended"": Swift reaction to Va. Gov. Ralph Northam's racist photo"
"Iranian TV: Attack on paramilitary base kills 1, wounds 5"
"Iranian media: Attack on paramilitary base kills 1, wounds 5"
Indian Prime Minister Modi defends citizenship bill at rally
Sri Lanka seeks $1 billion loan from China amid debt woes
Northam's ugly yearbook photo and the racist origins of blackface
Official: 3 charged in France in Strasbourg attack probe
"UAE's tolerance embraces faiths, runs up against politics"
"'Shocked, saddened and offended': Swift reaction to Va. Gov. Ralph Northam's racist photo"
UAE firm says it bought 3 tons of Venezuela gold
"China calls on Washington, Moscow to preserve nuclear treaty"
Jordan to host talks between Yemen's warring parties
Building collapses in Syria's Aleppo killing 11
Putin: Russia will only deploy new missiles if US does
Cory Booker was politics' original social media star. How much will it help in 2020?
Saudi Arabia encouraged foreign workers to leave - and is struggling after so many did
Turkey: US Consulate employee who did DEA work has trial set
Russia to pull plug on nuclear arms pact after US does same
Lebanon's new Cabinet vows to face economic challenges
The Latest: Russia: US exit from nuclear pact destabilizing
Wintry weather strands some motorists in the UK
The Senate and intelligence community rebuked Trump on national security this week. Here's why that matters - a lot.
Venezuela protests Guaido vs. Maduro
Hong Kong police destroy WWWI grenade found in potatoes
Egypt discovers 40 mummies in ancient chambers in Minya
Philippine troops battle Muslim militants after church blast
Australia police say man in custody after airport evacuation
Belgium says willing to receive ex-Ivory Coast president
"While E.U. tries to bypass U.S. sanctions on Iran, Trump administration amps up pressure"
"Venezuelans brace for protests, counter protests, in effort to oust Maduro"
"Iraq and Jordan reopen border crossing, boosting relations"
Why Putin won't be mad about Trump pulling out of the INF treaty
"Venezuelans brace for protests, counterprotests; Maduro suffers general's defection"
"Following U.S., Putin suspends nuclear pact and promises new weapons"
Venezuela air force general defects from Maduro government
Poland's political divide widens more after mayor is slain
Pakistan's ex-PM Sharif moved from prison cell to hospital
Ghana denies noncooperation with US over deportations
"Ralph Northam is done, whether he knows it or not"
Cory Booker was one of politics' original social media stars. How much will it help in 2020?
"Central African Republic, 14 armed groups reach peace deal"
"Central African Republic, 14 armed groups reach peace deal after years of fighting, United Nations says"
Thousand protest in Sudan's Kassala as death toll mounts
Nigeria vice president's helicopter crash-lands but all safe
Venezuela's opposition launches massive protests as Maduro suffers a military defection
Thousands of Spaniards protest for better pensions in Madrid
Pope urges politicians to defend rights of the unborn
Thousands protest in Sudan's Kassala as death toll mounts
Report: Iran's president supports Venezuela's government
Rare tiger gets acquainted with new home at London Zoo
Nigeria's army rejects Amnesty report of deadly attack
Hundreds protest in Germany against ban on older diesel cars
Where is the center of gravity in the Democratic Party?
"Trump taps Ronny Jackson to receive promotion and be his doctor, despite open investigation"
Court dismisses Maryland lawsuit over health-care law that also challenged Matthew Whitaker's appointment
How a drunken college snow day turned into a 'riot' that police broke up with smoke grenades
The facts about Congo's frightening Ebola epidemic.
First he was hoarse. Then he couldn't chew. How one man's hunch led to the truth.
"The groundhog says early spring, which would be nice if groundhogs could predict weather"
Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro proposes holding congressional elections early in speech to supporters
"1 American killed, 1 injured by gunmen in Acapulco"
US says airstrike in Somalia kills 13 al-Shabab extremists
Congo opposition leader rejects new president's outreach
"If Democrats want to be the party of diversity, they need to push Northam out"
Massive protests are taking place in Venezuela. Here's what they look like.
Venezuela's opposition leader calls for 'unstoppable' wave against Maduro amid huge opposition marches
Guaido calls for Venezuela defections as Maduro stands firm
The Latest: Guaido tells Italy daily he hopes pope weighs in
Albania police arrest 32 in counterfeit travel visa scheme
Brazil dam collapse death toll rises to 121
Battle over Virginia abortion measure roils multistate plans by advocates to lock in rights protections
Lonely and out of shape? Find company while walking away pounds.
She made history as a Navy pilot. Now an all-female squadron will fly over her funeral.
Homeland Security IG questions ICE's oversight of detention facilities
"Leonard Dinnerstein, distinguished historian of anti-Semitism in America, dies at 84"
Macedonia's fugitive ex-PM claims he feared for his life
"Trump taps Ronny Jackson to receive promotion and be his top medical adviser, despite investigation"
How a snow day became a 'riot' that police broke up with smoke grenades
Virginia shipbuilder wins $15.2 billion contract for carriers
"TSA agent falls to death at Orlando airport, causing panic and lengthy delays"
"A drunk passenger forced a plane to land. It cost him $16,000."
"'The picture's not me': Va. Gov. Northam refuses to step down, despite flood of calls for his resignation for 'racist and offensive' photo"
She made history as a Navy pilot. An all-female squadron just flew over her funeral.
"Netanyahu's legal woes should be a boon for Israel's left, but it's busy imploding"
Venezuela's Guaido urges military defections amid protests
The Latest: Thousands rally in Spain to support Guaido
"Gov. Northam refuses to step down, despite flood of calls for his resignation for 'racist and offensive' photo"
Trump just played a round of golf with Tiger Woods and Jack Nicklaus
"'I am who I am': Kamala Harris, daughter of Indian and Jamaican immigrants, defines herself simply as 'American'"
A Venezuelan air force general defected from Maduro's side. Here's what we know.
Venezuela's opposition leader calls for 'unstoppable' wave against Maduro amid huge demonstrations
