Unvaccinated teens are fact-checking their parents - and trying to get shots on their own
Shutdown looms as border talks break down over immigration enforcement
AP Exclusive: Undercover spy exposed in NYC was 1 of many
"Trump-Kim summit to focus on NKorea nuke complex, US rewards"
"3,000 evacuated from New Zealand fire could soon return home"
"3,000 evacuated from New Zealand fire can return home"
Top Pentagon official in Afghanistan amid push for peace
Pentagon chief arrives in Afghanistan amid a push for peace with Taliban
US following case of missing refugee wanted by China
"40 years later, the many legacies of Iran's revolution"
New Zealand leader: Admin error caused China flight U-turn
Iranians mark anniversary of victory day in 1979 revolution
"Iraqi Christians fear returning home, wary of Shiite militia"
Asian stocks rise ahead of new round of US-China trade talks
Registration mistake turned back New Zealand flight to China
What's actually in the 'Green New Deal' from Democrats?
Death toll from toxic bootleg liquor in India rises to 79
Thai prosecutors say they are no longer seeking to extradite refugee soccer player to Bahrain
"Germany's ruling parties address labor, migration divisions"
Thai princess's revolutionary run for prime minister nixed after king's opposition
Why much of the world now feels more threatened by the U.S. than by China or Russia
Case dropped against Bahraini refugee soccer player held in Thailand
She made history by entering a holy Indian shrine. Her family locked her out of the house.
"German ruling parties grapple with labor reforms, migration"
Thai court orders release of Bahrain refugee soccer player
World stocks rise ahead of new round of US-China talks
Spokesman says Thai court has ordered release of a refugee Bahraini soccer player seeking return to Australia
Scotland dreads Brexit. But is it enough to boost Scottish independence?
Arab official: No deal yet on Syria's return to Arab League
Brexit's toll: UK economy at weakest since financial crisis
"With Mideast meeting, Poland woos Trump but risks other ties"
China condemns Turkey over claim of famed musician's death
"Power Up: #MeToo, Race and Politics: Virginia Democrats wrestle with zero tolerance ahead of 2020"
Human rights workers are getting killed in Colombia. Here&#8217;s what could help save the peace.
Egypt parliament to vote to extend el-Sissi's rule this week
Bosnia police launch major manhunt for suspect in killings
'Napalm Girl' Kim Phuc receives German prize for peace work
Fierce fighting for last IS foothold in eastern Syria
The Health 202: Here's what ex-HHS Secretary Donna Shalala wants to do in Congress
"In 2018, the turnout gap between young and old people didn&#8217;t really shrink at all"
'Freedom fries' congressman who became Iraq War critic dies at 76
Will Brexit boost Scottish independence movement?
"Refugee soccer player from Bahrain freed by Thai court, escapes deportation"
American priest in East Timor embroiled in abuse scandal
Russia: Venezuela hasn't asked for military assistance
German far-right party members attacked after cinema visit
"Pompeo visits Hungary, to raise concerns about China, Russia"
The Energy 202: Green New Deal is already sparking debate over nuclear energy
The Cybersecurity 202: Trump gave the military freer rein for offensive hacking. Security experts say that's a good idea.
Pence to visit Auschwitz death camp during Europe trip
Guaido backed an amnesty plan for Venezuela&#8217;s military. How might that play out?
'Africa hangs in balance': Bill Gates on why the continent is so important
Spain's courts put to test by trial of Catalan separatists
EU eyes trade action over rights abuses in Cambodia
Egypt parliament to vote this week to extend el-Sissi's rule
'Presidential wood chips': Kellyanne Conway doesn't have much nice to say about the 2020 Democratic field
"Amid a shifting legal landscape on abortion, both parties seek political advantage."
"The Technology 202: Sen. Amy Klobuchar, announcing 2020 bid, comes out swinging on Big Tech"
"On 40th anniversary of Iranian revolution, Rouhani says country will not give up military power"
Hungary is so desperate for kids that mothers of four won't pay income tax
"Estonia: Ex-army officer, father guilty of spying for Russia"
Indonesian executioner for IS killed in Syria
"Lebanon to boycott Warsaw conference on Mideast, Iran"
"European expert: Hungary backslides on women, refugee rights"
Israel wants Dutch case against ex-army chief dropped
"Bulgaria, UK to investigate possible poisoning links"
Trump's days of hard work generally begin at 11 a.m. - even in a busy week
"The Daily 202: Ralph Northam should read these books to better understand racism, historians say"
Amy Klobuchar's Wisconsin dig at Hillary Clinton
Kremlin: Russia's political system a good model for others
"Russian, Turkish defense ministers meet on Syria"
Egypt accelerates efforts to extend el-Sissi's rule
Ghani says Afghan government must be included in peace talks
The government is set to shut down again Friday. Here are the ways this week could end.
Amy Klobuchar launches her 2020 bid with a Wisconsin dig at Hillary Clinton
Police thought it was a suicide. Then a horror movie director handed over a secret recording.
'I don't care what anyone thinks': Pro-Trump singer flaunts 'Build the Wall' dress at the Grammys
'Freedom never tasted so good': How Walter Jones helped rename french fries over the Iraq War
A 'mass invasion' of polar bears is terrorizing an island town. Climate change is to blame.
"Winter snow socks the Pacific Northwest, with more on the way"
Newspaper finds over 700 victims of sexual misconduct in Southern Baptist church over 20 years
Why a good night's sleep is 'the magic pill' for athletic performance
Hungary is so desperate for kids that mothers of four won't need to pay income tax
"Refugee soccer player from Bahrain is freed by Thai court, escapes deportation"
'Acting' on world stage as Pentagon's Shanahan makes debut
Aid group: Boat carrying 150 people in distress off Libya
Lebanon to boycott Warsaw conference seen as hostile to Iran
Pompeo warns of risks to US cooperation over Huawei
Bosnia: Major manhunt underway for suspect in 2 slayings
"If there was collusion with Russia, here's where it might have occurred"
Matthew Whitaker's intriguing pardons comment
Ocasio-Cortez retracts erroneous information about 'Green New Deal' backed by 2020 Democratic candidates
"Amid a shifting legal landscape on abortion, both parties seek political advantage"
Supreme Court's shift to the right intensifies long-running battle over abortion
Immunotherapy may help patients with the kind of cancer that killed McCain
The Latest: 4 Turkish soldiers on crashed helicopter die
Fierce battles near final IS foothold in eastern Syria
Turkish official says all 4 soldiers on a military helicopter that crashed in Istanbul have died
Stocks are mixed ahead of US-China trade talks
UN warns Islamic State losses shouldn't lead to complacency
Rep. Omar's latest tweets expose the thin line between criticizing Israel and being labeled anti-Semitic
"Trump tweeted, 'We will build a human wall if necessary.' These supporters took it literally."
Much of the world feels more threatened by the U.S. than by China or Russia
"In his first trip to Afghanistan, acting defense chief says no orders to withdraw U.S. troops"
"UN: Belgium must apologize for colonialism, face its racism"
"Thai polls regulator heeds king, blocks princess' candidacy"
"Snowstorm in Bosnia disrupts traffic, flights, sports events"
"Bahrain refugee soccer player freed by Thailand, heads home"
UN experts say Belgium needs to apologize for colonialism
'Historic' storm hurls huge waves and 191-mph winds at Hawaii; rare snow hits Maui
"Record February snow hammers Seattle, and more is coming"
"In a wealthy, liberal community far from the South, an angry debate over Dixie"
Gender can no longer be used to calculate auto insurance rates in California and other states
Betsy DeVos loves charter schools. But there's little love lost in lots of places. What's happening and why.
Pompeo meets with activists who have been targeted by Hungary's government
Thieves stole a 400-year-old bonsai. The grief-stricken owner offered care instructions.
"In socialist Venezuela, a crisis of faith not in just their leader but their economic model"
Scotland dreads Brexit. But is it enough to boost sentiment for Scottish independence?
Ontario police rescue 43 'modern day slaves' from Mexico
"Rights expert: Hungary backsliding on women, refugee rights"
Mexican church says 152 priests removed in 9 years for abuse
"Syria says Israel shells southern region, no casualties"
"In socialist Venezuela, a crisis of faith not only in their leader, but also in their economic model"
Military helicopter crashes in Istanbul: 4 soldiers killed
"US warns Hungary, other allies to shun business with Huawei"
Pence to visit Auschwitz death camp and meet Israeli prime minister during Europe trip
'It gives a lot of people joy:' Kamala Harris and the evolution of marijuana and politics
Cohen postpones testimony before Senate Intelligence Committee
"In a wealthy, liberal town far from the South, an angry debate over Dixie"
An atmospheric river could bring torrential rainfall to California over several days this week
Brazil soccer club promises compensation for fire victims
US stock indexes are mixed ahead of US-China trade talks
Top lawmakers meet to revive stalled border talks with possible shutdown days away
What Trump's tweet about African Americans in Virginia misses
The first two Democratic 2020 contests are in states that look a lot more like the Republican Party
"For Rep. Ilhan Omar, 2 apologies in 3 weeks for 'anti-Semitic tropes'"
'It gives a lot of people joy': Kamala Harris and the evolution of marijuana and politics
Ocasio-Cortez retracts erroneous information about Green New Deal backed by 2020 Democratic candidates
There's a backlash against charter schools. What's happening and why.
Supreme Court's execution decision animates critics on the left and right
7 questions about Trump's use of illegal workers at his golf courses
Tired of caucusing on a cold winter night? Iowa Democrats move closer to an optional tele-caucus format
Americans can't decide how much to tax the rich - but they want to tax the rich
Is this the way to curb student loan defaults?
Atmospheric river could bring torrential rainfall to California this week
FDA launches tougher oversight of supplements
5 bodies found in Mexico believed to be missing police
"Anti-Semitic acts in France jump, as divisions deepen"
