House Democrats seek to quell turf war on eve of explosive Cohen hearing
Sanders parts ways with top strategists
"As critics attack his credibility, Cohen vows to 'let the American people decide who's telling the truth'"
Nigeria president set to be declared winner after bumpy vote
The Latest: Nigeria to declare presidential winner at 3 a.m.
N.C. Republican in congressional race tainted by ballot fraud says he will not run in new election
Twitter suspends far-right activist Jacob Wohl for creating accounts to allegedly manipulate the U.S. presidential election
Canada's ex-attorney general to testify about SNC scandal
Ex-Muslim rebels now governing volatile Philippine region
Indonesian authorities say dozens of people are believed buried by a landslide in an unlicensed North Sulawesi gold mine
"As critics attack his credibility, Cohen wants to 'let the American people decide exactly who's telling the truth'"
Two GOP senators said to express concerns over Trump's nominee for appeals court
Buhari reelected as Nigeria's president after a vote marked by delays and clashes
Tensions escalate as Indian airstrike hits inside Pakistan
"Trump, Kim to hold second nuclear summit with world watching"
Australian police seize chemicals to make 1 ton of meth
The Latest: Trump Jr: Dems trying to distract dad at summit
Asian shares higher as region eyes Trump-Kim summit
Chicago voters select two African-American women to head to a mayoral election runoff
Nigeria's president is declared winner after bumpy vote
The Latest: Trump: NK can learn from US-Vietnam relationship
China drafts rules on biotech after gene editing scandal
A look at Nigeria's president as he secures a 2nd term
"Chicago voters select two black women, Lori Lightfoot and Toni Preckwinkle, for mayoral election runoff"
"Nigeria's president is re-elected after delayed, bumpy vote"
Australian Cardinal Pell to spend his first night in prison
Report slams Colombia for promoting officer tied to slayings
"In Bolivia, a new generation of wrestlers in bowler hats"
Police say Indian mortar shells kills 6 civilians in Kashmir
Trump offers public embrace of Kim Jong Un hours before summit begins
India and Pakistan may not go to war. But there's trouble ahead.
Indian police officer: Indian Air Force plane crashes in Indian-controlled sector of Kashmir; casualties unknown
"Trump, Kim near the opening of their second nuclear summit"
The Latest: India not looking for escalation with Pakistan
Pakistan says it has shot down two Indian jets in its airspace
The Latest: Pakistan carrying out airstrikes in Kashmir
China drafts rules on biotech after gene-editing scandal
The Latest: NKorean officials tour Vietnam's Halong Bay
Did Ivanka Trump create 'millions' of jobs?
Australian cardinal taken into custody as judge considers sentence for sexual assault conviction
"The Latest: Trump, in Vietnam, tweets about Blumenthal"
The Latest: Pakistan holds 2 Indian pilots from downed plane
"Pakistan says it captured 2 Indian pilots from plane downed on its side of Kashmir: 1 is in hospital, other in custody"
"Pakistan says it downed 2 Indian warplanes, captured pilot"
Russia edges into nuclear talks ahead of Kim-Trump summit
How much do Chinese people love Huawei? Just ask these cute singing children.
Australian cardinal taken in to custody as judge considers sentence for sexual assault conviction
The Latest: Nigeria opposition leader rejects poll results
"Egypt state TV says death toll rises to 20 in fire following crash, explosion in central Cairo train station"
"Nigeria's top opposition candidate rejects result of ""sham election,"" says will challenge it in court"
"Pakistan says 2 Indian warplanes downed, 2 pilots captured"
Helicopter with 6 on board missing in Nepal's mountains
Rights groups say Turkey must end harassment of activists
The Trump administration will push to decriminalize homosexuality worldwide. Surprised? Here's why.
"Thousands of miles away from Washington, Trump takes aim at Cohen"
Deadly blaze in main Cairo railway station kills at least 20 and injures 40
Nigeria's Muhammadu Buhari wins second presidential term as opposition pledges court challenge against 'sham election'
"Iran's Rouhani rejects chief diplomat's resignation, calling it 'against national interests'"
What happened to 4 starving Yemeni children since The Washington Post visited their village in December
Top Israeli minister to Trump: Reveal plan before election
"The Latest: China urges Pakistan, India to calm tensions"
"Macron, Merkel to hold talks on Brexit and other EU issues"
Russia presses case for greater control over its internet
Q&A: What's at stake as India-Pakistan tensions rise?
Michael Cohen's testimony includes three remarkable allegations against Trump
Trump may be ending the trade war with China. Who won?
Power Up: 'The answer is yes:' Cohen plans to say Trump knew of WikiLeaks email dump
"Once Trump's loyalist-in-chief, Michael Cohen is poised to lift the curtain on the president's actions"
Supreme Court balances history and religion in deciding monument's fate
Republicans' pack mentality in Trump era leaves little room for course correction
"As Trump meets Kim in Vietnam, he's undermined and distracted by Michael Cohen"
"How 90,000 seized vodka bottles for North Korea help explain why Trump is so optimistic about his summit with Kim Jong Un"
"Train barrels into main Cairo railway station and explodes, killing 20"
"President Trump, NKorea's Kim greet with handshake, laughs, beginning second summit in Vietnam"
"Russia says it will evacuate Syria refugee camp, blaming US"
The Latest: Kim arrives for dinner with Trump
"Egypt train crash, fire at central Cairo station kills 25"
Australian man sentenced to 5 years in Bali prison for drugs
Michael Cohen to testify that Trump knew of WikiLeaks plot
The Health 202: Congress could have been tougher on drug executives
The Cybersecurity 202: CyberCom sent a message by taking down a troll farm on Election Day. Was Russia listening?
"Michael Cohen's explosive opening statement about Trump, annotated"
Trump offers public embrace of Kim Jong Un as summit begins in Hanoi
"You lost another 20 minutes in traffic this week, AAA says"
Chicago voters select two black women to head to a mayoral runoff
"NOAA delays launch of 'next generation' forecast model, names new acting head"
"Trump isn't the only one wanting a Nobel, Kim does too, report says"
"Trump, Kim open second nuclear summit with handshake, smiles"
The Latest: Trump lauds 'special' Kim relationship at dinner
Venezuelan minister floats idea of Trump-Maduro talks
Michael Cohen to testify that Trump knew of WikiLeaks plot. He will also call him 'a racist' and 'a cheat.'
The Energy 202: Which 2020 hopeful got the highest score from environmentalists last year? All of them.
Michael Sanchez is in the middle of the salacious National Enquirer story about Jeff Bezos's affair
"Mother and daughter charged with killing family spoke of 'demons being all around,' relative says"
Michael Cohen's testimony: Trump's former personal lawyer expected to allege the president knew in advance of WikiLeaks plan
Missing American's family hopes Trump will raise his case with Kim Jong Un
"Trump isn't the only one wanting a Nobel. Kim does too, report says."
"Trump, Kim share smiles, dinner before nuke talks"
Myanmar court sentences Frenchman to jail for flying drone
Pakistani military now says only 1 Indian pilot in custody instead of 2
Volvo's Polestar unveils electric car touted as Tesla rival
Turkish president holds talks with Jared Kushner
Kellyanne Conway says House Republicans failed Trump on border wall funding
The Technology 202: Critics skeptical FTC's new competition task force will shake up Big Tech
The Daily 202: 'Much like a mobster would do.' Michael Cohen's testimony paints a picture of how Trump 'operates.'
White House bans four journalists from covering Trump-Kim dinner because of shouted questions
"Once Trump's loyalist in chief, Michael Cohen is poised to lift the curtain on the president's actions"
"Iran leader rejects chief diplomat's resignation, calling it 'against national interests'"
"As tensions rise between India and Pakistan, flights delayed, international planes rerouted"
India and Pakistan may not go to war. But the crisis is escalating.
"Dutch police arrest terror suspect, find weapon at his home"
The Latest: Nigeria's leader vows 'full force' vs. criminals
The Latest: Egypt transport chief resigns after fiery crash
Thai court to rule March 7 on possible dissolution of party
Diplomats shun Venezuelan envoy's speech to UN rights body
Michael Cohen says Trump paid him to keep quiet. Here are the checks he'll show Congress to prove it.
Michael Cohen's prepared testimony aims at Trump's Achilles' heel: Vietnam deferments
Who is Matt Gaetz? Other than the man intent on making Michael Cohen's life miserable.
"'They killed a white woman:' Fifty-four years later, Leroy Moton looks back at the killing that changed the civil rights movement"
"United Methodist Church votes to maintain its opposition to same-sex marriage, gay clergy"
"Train strikes barrier at main Cairo railway station and explodes, killing at least 25"
Michael Cohen's testimony: Trump's former personal lawyer alleges the president knew in advance of WikiLeaks plan
"Daughter of Putin's spokesman takes E.U. internship, startling lawmakers fighting Kremlin influence"
Australia's Cardinal Pell taken into custody as judge considers sentence for sexual assault conviction
Nigerian leader appeals for unity as challenger rejects vote
Israeli PM vows to bar Iran from securing presence in Syria
Nicaragua frees prisoners ahead of talks with opposition
"The Latest: Trump, Kim dine on shrimp, sirloin, lava cake"
Michael Cohen says President Trump was involved in a 'hush money' scheme. He brought checks to Congress to prove it.
"Once Trump's loyalist in chief, Michael Cohen lifts the curtain on the president's actions"
'Miraculous' stem cell therapy has sickened people in five states
The FBI raided a 91-year-old missionary's home and found thousands of stolen Native American bones
"Man who saved Girl Scouts from the cold by buying $500 worth of cookies is arrested on fentanyl, heroin charges"
A cop slapped a handcuffed teen. Then his partner tried to destroy the video. It didn't work.
75 face federal drug trafficking charges in Puerto Rico
Next year in Caracas? Venezuelans hope exile will end soon
"Macron, Merkel hold talks on Brexit and other EU issues"
Supreme Court seems to seek narrow way to uphold cross that memorializes war dead
North Carolina political operative indicted in election fraud case that upended congressional race
Hard-charging Democrats' cautious strategy on gun control reflects limits of political change
Michael Cohen says President Trump was involved in a hush money scheme. He brought checks to Congress to prove it.
Stem cell therapy has sickened people in five states
FBI found thousands of stolen Native American bones in missionary's home
Looming behind the India-Pakistan tensions: Two growing nuclear arsenals
Trump-Kim go one-on-one: Who will know what was really said?
Ukraine court strikes down anti-corruption law
US-China trade worries push stocks lower in midday trading
Ex-Spain PM Rajoy defends national unity at separatist trial
Here are the documents Michael Cohen brought to Congress
The GOP's attacks on Michael Cohen sound a lot like attacks on Trump
How Trump's net worth suddenly jumped - and why Cohen's testimony about it raises problems
'Februburied:' Up to 25 feet of snow has fallen in mountains on the West Coast this February
"Pakistan violated Geneva Conventions by tweeting video of captured Indian pilot, expert says"
"#SayNoToWar: As conflict between India and Pakistan grows, civilians react with anger, fear"
"Pakistan says 2 Indian warplanes downed, pilot captured"
US stocks waver on US-China trade worries
Sri Lanka court frees Indian cleared in assassination plot
Greek far-left extremist denied 7th furlough from prison
Spain investigated incident in North Korean Embassy
Sig Sauer executives reach court deal over Colombia gun sale
Matt Gaetz's attack on Michael Cohen highlights Trump supporters' double standard
The question of Michael Cohen's lie to Congress gets more complex: He blames Trump's attorneys
Cohen warns Republicans: Pledge allegiance to Trump you'll end up like me
"Cohen warns Republicans: Pledge allegiance to Trump, you'll end up like me"
A 'snow tornado' spun up in New Mexico last week and might be the first documented in the U.S.
'No self-respecting government can get off the escalation ladder': Indian and Pakistani media fight to form narrative
Spain investigates incident in North Korean Embassy
The Latest: Egypt says crash happened after conductor fight
Supreme Court says inmate cannot be executed if dementia means he cannot understand punishment
Rep. Matt Gaetz's attack on Michael Cohen highlights Trump supporters' double standard
"Train strikes barrier at main Cairo railway station and explodes, killing at least 20"
'No self-respecting govt can get off the escalation ladder': Indian and Pakistani media fight to form narrative
"Nicaragua talks on crisis begin, dozens of prisoners freed"
Egypt says fight between conductors led to crash killing 25
"House pushes ahead on gun control, backs expansion of background checks"
4 key takeaways from the Michael Cohen hearing
'They killed a white woman:' A look back at the murder that changed the civil rights movement
Trans activist whose home burned faces arson charges
"'They killed a white woman': Fifty-four years later, Leroy Moton looks back at the killing that changed the civil rights movement"
"The British Parliament agrees Brexit may have to be delayed, but not on much else"
"Trump, at North Korea summit, distracted by Cohen"
Ebola medical center attacked in Congo for 2nd time in week
Canada ex-attorney: Government tried to interfere in case
Germany: Ex-execs make court deal over Colombia gun exports
US seeks UN vote for new Venezuela election and needed aid
"Cohen tells Congress Trump knew about WikiLeaks' plans, directed hush-money payments"
Trump's desired spectacle in Hanoi overwhelmed by Michael Cohen's allegations in Washington
Michael Cohen's claims about Trump's racism say more about him than the president
Cohen says he 'threatened' schools over possible release of President Trump's SAT scores or grades
"N.C. political operative indicted, and prosecutor signals that more charges are likely"
Up to 25 feet of snow has fallen in mountains on the West Coast this February
#SayNoToWar: Indian and Pakistani civilians react with anger and fear to the notion of increased fighting
'No self-respecting govt can get off the escalation ladder': Media in both countries fight to form narrative
"British Parliament agrees Brexit may have to be delayed, but not on much else"
"Daughter of Putin's spokesman takes E.U. internship, startling lawmakers fighting Russian influence"
Michael Cohen concludes his testimony: 'I will not sit back'
The world watched Michael Cohen's testimony. Here's how some non-American viewers reacted.
Cardinal Pell taken into custody as Australian judge considers sentence for sexual assault conviction
GAO: Unclear if $560M US Caribbean security plan has worked
Worries that China trade talks are stalling weigh on stocks
"In 'dangerous first,' conservative judge installed after vetting by only two senators"
5 key takeaways from the Michael Cohen hearing
Trump's bid for history in Hanoi is overwhelmed by Michael Cohen's spectacle in Washington
The Michael Cohen hearing wasn't a hearing at all. It was cheap theatrics.
Coast Guard officer accused of plotting terrorist attack charged with illegally possessing silencers
A day-care worker blamed a child's bloody gash on a fall. A video showed the truth.
A conservative activist was punched in the face at UC Berkeley. The response enraged the right.
Canadian political scandal deepens as ex-justice minister testifies that Trudeau's office pressured her in criminal case
Belgian appeals court says government can't be forced to bring back ex-Islamic State mothers or their children
Guatemala court: Candidate remains immune from prosecution
Ukraine: Court ruling on law means end for corruption cases
