Giuliani walks back startling claims on talk about Trump's Moscow tower plan
Lower prices for higher education
Move by China puts U.S. small-town recycling programs in the dumps
"On MLK Day, descendants of Lee, Stonewall Jackson urge Virginia to halt Confederate tributes"
A record 10 percent of TSA workers called out Sunday as shutdown continues
"Shutdown draws domestic violence shelters to the brink, imperiling life-or-death services for women"
Exclusive: Iraqi scientist says he helped ISIS make chemical weapons
Private colleges' surprise tactic: Slashing tuition
"Nathan Glazer, urban sociologist and label-defying intellectual, dies at 95"
The Latest: Group in video threatens action in Venezuela
Report identifies another secret North Korea missile site
More than 100 China experts call for the release of two detained Canadians
"Tokyo court says it is rejecting the second bail request from Nissan's ex-chair Carlos Ghosn, detained for two months"
More than 140 China experts call for the release of two detained Canadians
Australia urges Indonesia to respect Bali bombing victims
"Asian shares decline on concerns over global, China slowdown"
Inmates at Panama youth prison anticipate visit from pope
Top journo who fled Nicaragua says nation's press threatened
A Trumpless Davos tries to counter populism
"US aid cuts hit Palestinians, further dimming hope for peace"
Afghan officials: Death toll rises to 45 in Taliban attack
Afghan officials say the Taliban attack on a military base in eastern province on Monday killed 45 military personnel
American held in Russia for espionage to appear in court
Zimbabwe leader: Violence by security forces 'unacceptable'
Death toll from deadly road accident in Pakistan jumps to 27
Kenya mourns 6 colleagues who died in extremist hotel attack
Israel successfully tests advanced missile defense system
Cambodia leader says China to give $600 million in grant aid
"Germany, France sign treaty building on 1963 Elysee accord"
The Latest: Zimbabwe rights commission says 8 killed
"Uganda deports French, Rwandan nationals in security threat"
Lawyer: suspected US spy had classified docs on him
Argentine soccer player Emiliano Sala aboard missing plane
Al Jazeera says Sudan withdraws journalists' work permits
Turkey set for international probe into Khashoggi death
"Egypt says clashes kill 7 troops, 59 militants in Sinai"
Protesters detained outside Japanese embassy in Moscow
The International Criminal Court just acquitted the former Ivory Coast president. What happens now?
Power Up: Problems pile up at halfway mark of Trump's presidency
"American accused by Russia of spying was handed 'state secret' on a flash drive, his Russian lawyer says"
The Latest: Retraining workers could help US government
Kremlin 'optimistic' ahead of WADA doping ruling
Protesters detained in Moscow ahead of Russia-Japan talks
UN: 2 polio cases in Mozambique caused by virus from vaccine
What would actually put more working-class people in office?
"The Cybersecurity 202: What do Kamala Harris, Elizabeth Warren and Kirsten Gillibrand have in common? Cybersecurity chops"
The Health 202: Health-care industry preps offense against Medicare-for-All
How the Trump administration is changing U.S. missile defense
"American charged by Russia for espionage was handed classified material, lawyer says"
Russian plane bound for Moscow in suspected hijacking
Dozens of Afghan intel personnel killed in Taliban attack
"Germany, France renew friendship treaty, warn of nationalism"
"Sudan's embattled president to travel to Qatar, seeking aid"
Russian and Japanese leaders talk about territorial dispute
The Technology 202: Google fine signals Europe is prepared to take on Silicon Valley
Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez a popular choice for president - even though she's too young to serve
"The Energy 202: Another winter, another Trump call for 'good old fashioned Global Warming'"
The Finance 202: Davos elite aren't Trump fans anymore
"Bret Baier's car flipped on an icy road. 'Banged up, but alive,' the Fox News anchor said."
"American charged by Russia with espionage was handed classified material, lawyer says"
Plane carrying Argentine soccer player Emiliano Sala is missing over the English Channel
Ukraine's ex-PM announces presidential bid
AP Explains: Why are France and Germany renewing their vows?
"France on alert for snowfall, Eiffel Tower closes"
Thai police says bodies from river were missing activists
Supreme Court allows Trump restrictions on transgender troops in military to go into effect as legal battle continues
"'No cave!': Trump, Pelosi vow not to yield in government shutdown standoff"
A car bomb has stirred fears that Brexit will blow up peace in Northern Ireland. That isn&#8217;t likely.
The Daily 202: Davos is in decline as elites fail to tackle the globe's biggest problems
"Citing high costs, some police departments drop body-camera programs"
California's energy challenge: How - and whether - to save a utility that could face monumental fire liabilities
Who are the Black Israelites at the center of the viral standoff at the Lincoln Memorial?
"Chris Brown detained in Paris after rape allegations, reports say"
"In India, sacred cows are running amok. So villagers are locking them in schools."
"Korea talks in Sweden have ended, few details given"
Israel: Advanced missile defense system successfully tested
Talk about highway speed limit has Germans all fired up
Indian police arrest 61 Rohingya Muslims this week
DACA program that protects young undocumented immigrants not likely to get Supreme Court review this term
Trump keeps trying to win the shutdown fight by pretending he's a typical president
The confusion of Rudy Giuliani
Supreme Court will review gun restrictions for first time in nearly a decade
"Thousands of disabled federal contract workers sent home due to shutdown, managers say"
Model who claimed U.S.-Russia collusion evidence freed from jail in Moscow
"Satisfied with data, WADA gives Russian Anti-Doping Agency seal of approval"
Italy senator apologizes for tweet citing anti-Semitic text
'Several' suspects on the run after bank robbery in Paris
Sudan's embattled president travels to Qatar amid unrest
The Latest: Ministers urge EU to mediate in Venezuela
Last moments of Kenya attack victims revealed at memorial
Why can't Democrats and Republicans resolve the shutdown? Because their voters don't want them to.
Trump says he directed Sarah Sanders 'not to bother' with White House press briefings
"On MLK Day, Trump reminded black voters of what they lost with his election"
The Northeast was slammed by heavy snow and ice last weekend. Here's how it happened.
Key West to ban sunscreens that may harm coral reefs in Florida
A proposed ad touting medical marijuana won't be seen during the CBS Super Bowl broadcast
"American accused by Russia of spying was handed 'state secret' on a flash drive, his lawyer says"
'We continue to pray for positive news': Soccer player Emiliano Sala aboard plane that is missing over the English Channel
Top diplomat for European affairs resigns from State Department
Venezuelans clean up after day of violent protests
The Latest: RUSADA welcomes WADA decision
The Latest: Huawei exec on spying accusations: 'Prove it.'
"Russia, Japan make no visible progress on territorial spat"
"Pakistan probe finds police wrongly killed couple, daughter"
Syria: Blast in coastal city of Latakia kills 1
White House seeks walk-through for State of the Union
Former Florida attorney general Pam Bondi joins D.C. lobbying firm with ties to Trump
The Northeast was slammed by heavy snow and ice over the weekend. Here's how it happened.
Trump slams media over portrayal of confrontation between Catholic students and tribal elder
"Attention, college shoppers. These schools are slashing their prices."
Some U.S. police departments dump body-camera programs amid high costs
"Survival chances are 'slim' as search is suspended for Emiliano Sala, whose plane went missing over the English Channel"
"For foreigners in Russia, documents can be dangerous"
"The Latest: Merck to ship 120,000 more Ebola vaccine doses"
'The whole world will see it': Crafting the papal chair
"Car hits Polish policeman, rams into presidential palace"
France: Ex-champ swimmer admits 'shame' at child rape trial
The Latest: Police say 'floating objects' seen in search
"The shutdown madness must stop. If Trump doesn't soon, Democrats should."
This year&#8217;s Women&#8217;s Marchers weren&#8217;t focused on the leadership controversy. They were all about local and national political organizing.
The growing 'leverage' questions about Trump and Russia
The three intersecting threads linking Trump's campaign to Russian intelligence
White House seeks walk-through from House for State of the Union
Los Angeles teachers reach agreement with district leaders to end strike
'You have no choice but to become one of them': Scientist says he helped Islamic State make chemical weapons
"American accused by Russia of spying was handed 'state secret' on flash drive, lawyer says"
U.S. to proceed with case against Huawei executive jailed in Canada
"Bolivia's Morales marks 13 years in power, seeks new term"
Signs of a weaker global economy send stocks sharply lower
Israeli shelling kills Gaza militant after officer wounded
Supreme Court undermines Trump's strategy on government shutdown with immigration decision
"The shutdown madness must stop. If Trump doesn't act soon, Democrats should."
Trump prepares two versions of State of the Union address as shutdown tensions escalate
"A man cited his virginity as reason he planned to kill 'as many girls' as he could, police say"
US: Upcoming Mideast conference not aimed at demonizing Iran
"Doping agency forgives Russia, but says more work needed"
Death toll in Mexico pipeline fire rises to 93
Iran summons Swiss envoy over detention of US-born TV anchor
Trump administration asks Supreme Court to decide quickly whether citizenship question can be placed on 2020 Census
Trump administration asks Supreme Court to quickly take up census citizenship question
Trump's defense of Covington teens is latest skirmish in culture war about 'masculinity'
North Carolina judge declines to certify 9th District congressional race as fraud investigation continues
Vatican: No prior accusation of sex abuse against Argentine
Talk about highway speed limit divides Germans
Stocks sink on growth fears and possible snag in trade talks
Italy's Salvini lashes out at Macron as 'terrible president'
Why Covington Catholic is a near-perfect fight for Trump to take on
"'Give Trump the money,' Democratic Rep. Collin Peterson says as shutdown drags on"
Trump shut down the government over his wall. It's jeopardizing his other priorities.
Trump's defense of Covington teens is latest skirmish in culture war about 'toxic masculinity'
UN envoy: No access for UN peacekeepers to Lebanon tunnels
ELN negotiator denies advance knowledge of Colombia attack
Venezuelans clean up after violent protests in capital
The Latest: Sala's father 'beginning to think the worst'
Senate votes to extend federal welfare program through June amid shutdown
Democrats and their voters have lurched left as 2020 nears. They're betting the rest of the country follows.
"Sen. Joni Ernst declined to be Trump's running mate, reports say"
Democrats to ask Whitaker if the White House has interfered with Mueller's probe
"Around the globe, Trump's style is inspiring imitators and unleashing dark impulses"
Elizabeth Warren pledges help during visit to Puerto Rico
The Latest: Florida Republicans back Venezuela opposition
Romania president: plan to invalidate graft cases not legal
Russian police detain drunken man who hijacked plane
Democrats and their voters have shifted left as 2020 nears. They're betting the rest of the country follows.
Sen. Mark Warner introduces 'Stop STUPIDITY Act' aimed at preventing future shutdowns
The Trailer: How South Carolina voters are shaping the Democratic primary
"Supreme Court maintains its low-key term, while signaling an appetite for future controversies"
"'You can't be an absolutist': Weighing a 2020 run, Bloomberg talks compromise"
He's accused of killing two police officers. His trial can't begin until the shutdown ends.
High court to review N.Y. ban on taking guns outside city limits
Drone activity halts air traffic at Newark Liberty International Airport
The Latest: Maduro fires back at US after criticism by Pence
