House investigators demand 'immediate' compliance from White House on turning over documents related to Kushner clearance
Federal auction sells leasing rights on thousands of acres of prime sage-grouse habitat
NASA needs SpaceX to prove it can fly astronauts safely. Saturday brings a first step.
'Something is in those vaccines': GOP lawmaker says mandatory measles shots are 'Communist'
Ortega rep: 'Every effort' being made in Nicaragua talks
Centrist Democrats push back against party's liberal surge
Summit collapse leaves Moon losing face in South Korea
"After summit fails, all sides scramble to salvage talks"
Potential indictment leaves Israelis wondering if end is near for Netanyahu
This grandma posed for photo on an iceberg - then had to be rescued when she floated out to sea
"Poster linking Rep. Ilhan Omar to 9/11 sparks outrage, injuries in W.Va. state Capitol"
Trump's defense of Kim Jong Un leads to discord with parents of Otto Warmbier
This grandma posed for a photo on an iceberg - then had to be rescued when she floated out to sea
Police have arrested the man they say punched a conservative activist at UC Berkeley
"Ruined crops, salty soil: How rising seas are poisoning North Carolina's farmland"
Kim pays respects at embalmed body of Vietnam's Ho Chi Minh
Mexico closes 5 migrant holding centers across country
Kim Jong Un set to leave Hanoi after summit breakdown
Saudi prosecutors say women's rights activists to face trial
North Korea's Kim leaves Hanoi after summit breakdown
The Latest: Pakistan says Indian shelling kills boy; 3 hurt
"India, Pakistan resume shelling in Kashmir; 3 killed"
"Official: Taliban target army corps, killing 23 soldiers"
"India, Pakistan resume shelling in Kashmir; 4 killed"
World's top-ranked bridge player suspended for doping
Rescuers hope for miracle as Indonesia mine search continues
North Korea's Kim leaves Vietnam after summit breakdown
The Latest: Kashmir displaced urge end to conflict
The Latest: Kim boards train at the end of Vietnam visit
Rescuers hope for miracle as Indonesia mine goes silent
"North Korean leader Kim Jong Un leaves Vietnam with a grin and a wave, but empty hands"
50-plus people missing after pipeline explodes in Nigeria
"More than 50 people missing after pipeline explodes, causes stampede in southern Nigeria, official says"
"India, Pakistan resume shelling in Kashmir, killing 6"
US-backed Syrian fighters advance on 2 fronts against IS
The Latest: Pakistan: Indian fire kills 2 Kashmir civilians
Protests are growing in Algeria. Are these seeds of a real change?
UN chief welcomes Libya rivals' agreement to hold elections
"4 children, 1 adult killed in German house fire"
"House Democrats struggle to break through when it's all Trump, all the time"
SpaceX successfully launches spacecraft designed for astronauts
"India-Pakistan fighting kills 6 civilians, 2 Pakistan troops"
The Latest: India-Pakistan fighting kills 2 Pakistani troops
Russian Nobel winner Alferov dies at 88
Report: Iran merges military-affiliated banks
Shiffrin clinches 3rd straight World Cup overall title
Iran condemns Britain's move to ban Lebanon's Hezbollah
US ambassador hits out at critics of American agriculture
The Latest: Pakistan says Moscow offers to help ease tension
Brazil's Lula leaves prison for grandson's funeral
The Latest: India hands over body of Pakistani prisoner
8 killed in India-Pakistan fighting amid high tensions
"The Latest: Yazidi women, children return home to Iraq"
"At his campaign kickoff, Bernie Sanders will emphasize his personal story"
Biden is leaning in on a run for the White House. There are reasons why.
The Latest: India defense minister meets with released pilot
"Top Democrat demands another apology from Rep. Omar, accusing her of 'a vile anti-Semitic slur'"
Biden is leaning in on a run for the White House. There are reasons.
"Federer wins Dubai Championships, reaches 100 career titles"
Pakistan to resume search for 2 European climbers on Sunday
Former Yazidi captives of IS reunite with families in Iraq
Memorial stone for former synagogue vandalized in France
Tens of thousands march in anti-racism rally in Milan
Trump tweet touting one of his Scotland golf courses as 'the greatest' in the world draws criticism
The rise and fall of the most European state in the Union
These journalists have a list of criminal cops. California is trying to keep it secret.
Federer wins Dubai final to join Connors in century club
Algerian president names new election campaign director
Infantino: Male players can learn from better behaved women
UK: Blaze at Tesla service center under control
"Kim Jong Un leaves Vietnam with a grin and a wave, but empty hands"
Six countries give women the same work rights as men. The U.S. isn't one of them.
29 parents separated from their children and deported last year arrive at U.S. border to request asylum
US ambassador to UK slams critics of American agriculture
French yellow vests protest for 16th straight weekend
Trump: A new executive order could strip colleges of funding if they don't 'support free speech'
Brazil's ex-president Lula is temporarily released from prison to attend grandson's funeral
Spain: Illegal immigration by sea drop in February
Candidates press to connect with black voters
"Trump derides Mueller probe, mocks Democrats and his former attorney general"
Trump announces executive order that could strip colleges of funding if they don't 'support free speech'
"Top Democrat demands another apology from Rep. Ilhan Omar, accusing her of 'a vile anti-Semitic slur'"
"In America, talk turns to something not spoken of for 150 years: Civil war"
'We're not going to turn on our own': Republicans rally around Trump as threats mount
"At his campaign kickoff, Bernie Sanders gets personal"
U.S.-backed Syrian fighters advance on 2 fronts against Islamic State
Trump whipped up public emotion over Otto Warmbier's death. Now it's boomeranging back on him.
Trump promises executive order that could strip colleges of funding if they don't 'support free speech'
Watch a giant Amazon spider kill an opossum. Or don't. Totally your call.
U.S.-backed fighters advance on 2 fronts against Islamic State
"At his presidential campaign kickoff, Sanders gets personal"
Inside the grand and sometimes slimy plan to turn the 'most alien life form on the planet' into lab animals
The Michael Jackson denial of child sexual abuse carried live around the world
