Congress braces for Trump diverting military construction money to build the wall
Purge of undocumented workers by the president's company spreads to at least 5 Trump golf courses
"Trump to call for 'comity' in State of the Union, but rivals scoff amid heightened political warfare"
"Trump to nominate David Bernhardt, a former lobbyist, as the next Interior secretary"
Five things to know about religious freedom in the United Arab Emirates
Ruth Bader Ginsburg makes first public appearance since cancer surgery
President plans a campaign to halt transmission of HIV in U.S. by 2030
Europeans fear Trump may threaten not just the transatlantic bond but the state of their union
"In year of the pig, Hong Kong has had enough of wild ones"
"Federal prosecutors issue sweeping subpoena for documents from Trump inaugural committee, a sign of a deepening criminal probe"
Australian leader tours floods where 2 men reported missing
President Trump invites a bullied 11-year-old named Joshua Trump to the State of the Union
"A dog food company recalled its products, but these grieving pet owners say it's too late"
Trump is planning campaign to halt transmission of HIV in U.S. by 2030
"Despite low performance, organ collection group gets new federal contract"
"Freedom House downgrades U.S. on its freedom index, rebukes Trump"
"Trump will nominate David Malpass, a Treasury official, to lead World Bank"
Joshua Trump's name got him bullied. Now the sixth-grader is going to the State of the Union.
"Officials: 7 dead, many injured in Paris apartment fire"
Paris fire service says seven people are dead and at least 28 injured in a blaze in a residential building
"Lava, gas flowing out Indonesia volcano sends people fleeing"
Pope Francis to hold historic Mass on Arabian Peninsula
"Asia welcomes year of the pig with banquets, temple visits"
The Latest: Pope leads faithful in prayer in UAE church
Japan finance minister Aso sorry for criticizing childless
Europe joins the anti-Maduro alliance
"Apartment fire in high-end Paris area kills 7, injures many"
Third of Himalayan glaciers can no longer be saved: study
Pope Francis celebrates historic Mass on Arabian Peninsula
The Latest: Pope arrives at UAE stadium to celebrate Mass
The Latest: Witness saw flames shooting from Paris building
"U.S. envoy to visit North Korea, with a plan for engagement on denuclearization"
Paris prosecutor suspects criminal act in deadly apartment fire; 1 woman detained
"Afghan officials: Taliban kill 11 policemen, 10 others"
The Latest: Paris fire that killed 7 suspected to be a crime
The Latest: Pope preaches message of meekness in UAE homily
President Trump's 2018 State of the Union proposals: What flopped and what succeeded
U.S. envoy to visit North Korea with a plan to restart denuclearization talks
Burkina Faso forces kill 146 jihadists after civilian attack
Greek and Turkish leaders to discuss array of issues
Pope Francis celebrates historic Mass in Arabian Peninsula
The Latest: Paris building fire death toll rises to 8
"German airline Germania files for insolvency, grounds planes"
"Pakistani premier, president back rebels in Indian Kashmir"
New app lets dog lovers swipe right for perfect pet match
Swedish police hopeful stolen royal treasure has been found
"The Latest: UAE says 180,000 were at papal Mass in Abu Dhabi"
Belgian climate minister denounces protest marches as plot
Yemen's warring parties discuss stalled prisoner exchange
State of the Union Bingo returns!
"Inside India's 'Super Bowl' of cockfighting, where roosters wear razors"
Why your favorite foreign cities and countries may soon tell you to pay more to visit
Why your favorite foreign cities and countries may soon tell you to pay more
The Latest: Paris building fire death toll rises to 10
UK's Theresa May traveling to Northern Ireland in Brexit bid
Egypt debates motion to extend presidential term limits
"How did an annual report to Congress become the State of the Union address, a formal state occasion? We discuss."
Power Up: 'Tom Brady' of leakers roils Trump White House before State of Union
Japan cancels port call by warship in South Korea amid row
Burkina Faso forces kill 146 jihadists after village attack
Paris building fire claims 10 lives; arson suspected
The Health 202: Trump to propose bold new HIV plan in State of Union address
The Cybersecurity 202: A bank wants to recover the $81 million North Korea allegedly stole. It won't be easy.
Why did China stand by Maduro in Venezuela?
6 things to watch for in Trump's State of the Union address
"Support for immigration is climbing under Trump, but the relationship may not be the one you'd think"
"Zero tolerance or rush to judgment? In the Trump era, Democrats hasten to push out the accused"
"Minister floats German industry strategy, 'champions'"
The Latest: Pope ends UAE trip with first papal Mass there
Turkey's Erdogan slams US over delays in Syria buffer zone
Zimbabwe's teachers report intimidation as strike begins
State of the Union address: Trump to pitch bipartisanship amid rancor with Democrats
The Energy 202: Democrats spotlight climate change with their State of the Union guests
Your favorite foreign cities may soon tell you to pay more to visit
U.S. envoy to visit North Korea with a plan to restart talks
The Latest: Taliban attack on Afghan army base kills 26
"With retirement near, Vonn crashes in super-G at worlds"
"Afghan official: Taliban hit army base, kill 26 troops"
Russian activists raise alarm about captured whales
The Technology 202: Trump wants a border wall. One of his biggest supporters in tech is expanding a virtual one.
Purge of undocumented workers by the president's company spreads to at least five Trump golf courses
How this artist is creating beauty in the ashes after the Paradise fire
"Fake mustaches, Trump posters and Netanyahu interviewing himself: The bewildering world of Israeli election ads"
Report suggests Germany may miss defense spending target
Worst Paris fire in 14 years is suspected arson attack
Howard Schultz plans Thursday policy speech as he moves toward presidential run
"Time and time again, hyped claims of rampant illegal voting turn out to be untrue"
The Daily 202: State of the Union guests invited by Democratic presidential candidates preview 2020 themes
Democrats are trolling Trump with their State of the Union invites. But the guest list wasn't always political.
A legally blind high school basketball player took one shot in his only game all year. He sank it.
"A baseball killed a woman at Dodger Stadium, MLB's first foul-ball death in nearly 50 years"
Intimacy and sex are important for well-being for older adults
The pressure against Maduro is building
The Latest: Paris fire suspect arrested with raised lighter
"Central African Republic, rebel groups initial a peace deal"
"As Tsipras visits, Turkey sets bounty for officers who fled"
First lady invited a kid to SOTU who's bullied because his last name is Trump. She ignored the thousands bullied because of the president's language.
Parkland father headed to State of the Union after denouncing Louis C.K.
George Washington's first State of the Union address: Little pomp and no applause lines
"Inside India's 'Super Bowl' of cockfighting, where the roosters wear razors"
Iran says Trump remarks on Iraq reveal American 'lies'
South Africa's president says mining key to reviving economy
Apartment inferno kills 10; deadliest Paris fire since 2005
Israel's Netanyahu to meet Putin in Moscow this month
Romania investigates man who posed as plastic surgeon
Russia to design new intermediate range missiles in 2 years
"The 7 big investigations of Trump, explained"
Melania invited a bullied kid to the SOTU. She ignored thousands bullied because of the president's language.
Colorado runner fought and killed 80-pound mountain lion that attacked him on nature trail
Karl Marx's London tomb vandalized in 'brutal' hammer attack
Prosecutor asks consecutive life sentences for serial killer
The Latest: Paris fire suspect transferred for medical exams
'I'm too old for this': Vonn crashes in her penultimate race
UK's Theresa May travels to Northern Ireland in Brexit bid
Belgian police have 1 suspect behind bars in bank robbery
"France's yellow vest protesters join union march, a first."
"Sharing the State of the Union spotlight, Pelosi quietly makes her own statement"
A brief history of Trump's empty rhetoric on uniting the country
Why Trump invited these particular Americans to the State of the Union
"Despite protests and isolation, strongmen like Venezuela's Maduro can cling to power"
"Despite protests and isolation, strongmen such as Venezuela's Maduro can cling to power"
West Bank settlers report surge in population growth
The Latest: Belgian official quits after climate plot remark
Migrant caravan reaches town on Texas border
UK prime minister vows no return to hard border with Ireland
Brazil institute: Potential health crisis in dam breach
Stormy Daniels drops defamation claim against ex-Trump lawyer Michael Cohen
"Sharing the State of the Union spotlight, Pelosi softly makes her own statement"
Vape pen kills man after exploding in his mouth
Honduran prosecutors to charge another in activist's murder
Costa Rica ex-leader Oscar Arias accused of sexual assault
The Latest: Ex-Afghan warlord open to constitution changes
"Moscow faces 300 bomb threats, up to 50,000 evacuated"
Trump's travel to Mar-a-Lago alone probably cost taxpayers more than $64 million
Stacey Abrams will give the response to the State of the Union. But Bernie Sanders wants the last word.
Taliban talks shift to Moscow with possible U.S.-brokered deal on table
"UN experts: North Korea nukes intact, dispersing missiles"
Republicans suggest Trump won't get all the wall money he wants - but they are unclear about what he wants
Why wait for the State of the Union when this robot can generate a speech for you?
"The North Pole is mysteriously moving, and the U.S. government finally caught up"
"Younger than 100? Soon, you might not be able to smoke cigarettes in Hawaii."
"Colorado runner fights, kills 80-pound mountain lion that attacked him on trail"
Consecutive life terms sought for serial killer in Canada
"Turkey, Greece stress need for dialogue"
The Trailer: The two states of the union
Ethics panel closes investigation into New Jersey Sen. Menendez
Democratic response to Trump address carries risk
"Amid a wave of injuries nationwide, student is killed in e-scooter accident"
"Amid a wave of injuries, Irish exchange student is latest person killed in e-scooter accident"
Brazil institute: Potential health crisis from dam breach
Senate passes Middle East policy bill rebuking Trump
Leaked calendars show how much Trump's ad hoc approach differs from his predecessors
Ethics panel closes investigation into N.J. Sen. Robert Menendez
Scientists found a working USB stick in some leopard seal poop. Does it belong to you?
Student thought she had a ghost in her closet. It was an intruder.
Ex-Costa Rican president Óscar Arias Sanchez accused of assault
Pope Francis confirms Catholic clergy members abused nuns
Pope Francis publicly acknowledges sexual abuse of nuns by clergy and vows to fight the problem
Former Costa Rican president Óscar Arias Sanchez accused of sexual assault
Venezuela's dueling political movements each push elections
