William Barr tries to clean up his Clinton comments - but stumbles into a new Mueller problem
Witness testifies that El Chapo paid a $100 million bribe to ex-president Pena Nieto
Barr vows to protect Russia probe but says Mueller report might stay secret
China's advances seen to pose increasing threat to American military dominance
Guam Catholic Church enters bankruptcy amid sex abuse claims
"How Wilbur Ross 'aggressively' tried to alter the 2020 census and 'conceal' why, according to a federal judge"
Senate Republicans stand with McConnell on the sidelines of shutdown fight
Witness testifies that El Chapo paid a $100 million bribe to ex-Mexican president Pena Nieto
"The Latest: Macron tells Britain ""good luck"" with Brexit"
Fight against India joins 2 Kashmir teens in life and death
The Latest: Kenya: no more threat to public in hotel attack
Bloomberg believes he can be elected president despite age
Mexico's Supreme Court overturns state migrant ID law
Transcript: Ocasio-Cortez says the conservative right is 'losing the war'
A CNN analyst called out a Fox News contributor for 'white privilege.' He's black.
The Latest: Nairobi attack survivors reunite with families
"Philippines arrests, hands over to China corruption fugitive"
Kenya forces still securing hotel after extremist attack
New caravan of Honduran migrants makes first border crossing
Venezuela's opposition outlines roadmap for power transfer
May's Brexit debacle reaches a new low
The Latest: Continued gunfire as Kenyan police secure hotel
Australian prime minister backs security treaty with Vanuatu
Malaysia says it won't host any more events involving Israel
"Kenya declares hotel siege over with all attackers killed, final toll at 14"
The Latest: Injured soldier taken from scene in ambulance
"Shah's last palace, secluded refuge in Iran, is now a museum"
Can Trump claim credit for $26 billion in savings on prescription drugs?
"The Russians know exactly what Putin and Trump talked about, but we probably won't find out for decades"
The Latest: Kenya leader vows to pursue attack's planners
Kenyan president says all gunmen killed at hotel complex
South Korea seizes North Korean paintings due to sanctions
Kenya president says 14 innocent people were killed in Tuesday's attack on hotel complex; declares attack over
Zimbabwe anti-government protest strike enters 3rd day
2 Cambodian opposition politicians get bans dropped
Toll in Nairobi terror attack at 14 as Kenya declares hotel siege over
How do illegal drugs get into remote Australia? Check with the flight attendants.
Confusion over North Korea's definition of denuclearization clouds talks
Russia says US ignored offer to inspect controversial weapon
Iran state TV's English channel says anchorwoman held in US
The Latest: UK markets calm after May's crushing defeat
ICC prosecutors say they plan to appeal Gbagbo acquittal
Zimbabwe police arrest prominent government critic
Zimbabwe police arrest prominent government critic and pastor Evan Mawarire
Ugandan police are attacking protesters. Here's how that backfires.
Polish parliament honors slain Gdansk mayor with prayer
Kenya's president says all gunmen killed at hotel complex
"Sweden looks set to end deadlock, keep Lofven as premier"
The Latest: UK says a British national dead in Kenya attack
Power Up: Barr's testimony sets the stage for future fights over Mueller report
Many Americans say they want politicians to compromise. But maybe they don&#8217;t.
'What have you got left?': Ocasio-Cortez taunts GOP critics obsessing over her
Why is the GOP sticking with Trump on border wall? Look at the 2020 Senate map.
"As Brexit deal goes down in flames, exasperated Europe wonders what the Britons want"
Pope to attend all sessions of high-stakes abuse summit
UN says Yemen's warring parties meeting in Jordan
German woman charged over years in IS-controlled Syria
ICC judges to rule on Gbagbo's possible immediate release
The Latest: French winemakers worried by Brexit vote failure
What Tunisia&#8217;s historic truth commission accomplished - and what went wrong
The Health 202: Barr repeats Trump claims that a wall will halt illegal drugs
Feds' twilight zone - working without pay
The problem with Brexit is that there&#8217;s no obvious next step
"T-Mobile announced a merger needing Trump administration approval. The next day, 9 executives had reservations at Trump's hotel."
"Cardinal Wuerl apologizes to priests, McCarrick victim, says he forgot he knew about harassment allegations"
I'm a steadfast atheist. Here's why I go to Mass now.
Kirsten Gillibrand wants to harness the power of women. Her 'spark plug' grandmother showed her how.
"A cow escaped the rodeo and disappeared into an Anchorage park. For 6 months, no one has been able to catch her."
An 87-year-old's obituary said Trump 'hastened' her death. A local paper wouldn't run it.
"Roku gave Infowars a platform reaching millions. After hours of outrage, it backed down."
'Hammer on the abusers': Mass. attorney general alleges Purdue Pharma tried to shift blame for opioid addiction
New court filing indicates prosecutors have extensive details on Manafort actions not yet made public
"U.S. lettuce industry, wary of E. coli, wants FDA back on the job"
Baltimore's Catholic archdiocese announces online portal for reporting abuse to its review board
"For now, the skies remain safe, officials say, but the shutdown is stressing the nation's air safety system"
"Blast rocks U.S.-patrolled city in Syria; monitoring group, local media report casualties"
Trump says a border wall would 'help stop drugs.' El Chapo's smugglers suggest it won't.
'Blood on your hands': Scientology blames high-profile critics after deadly Sydney attack
Bulgaria's parliament OKs talks with US on F-16 jet deal
Kenya says all gunmen killed in hotel attack; 14 victims
The Latest: American Jason Spindler killed in Kenya attack
"The Latest: Soldiers, hungry Zimbabweans in the streets"
Croatia police save 15 migrants from snow and cold
"Trump blasts Democrats, points to border wall construction elsewhere in the world"
The Energy 202: Trump opened this corner of Utah to coal miners. But will any come?
The Finance 202: May's Brexit plan just collapsed. Here's what's next.
The Cybersecurity 202: Government cyber workers increasingly concerned hackers will strike during shutdown
"A cow escaped the rodeo and disappeared into an Anchorage park. For six months, no one has been able to catch her."
"A toddler is stuck in a Spanish well. Rescuers can't reach him, and his parents no longer hear him."
"Islamic State claims blast in U.S.-patrolled city in Syria; monitoring group, local media report casualties"
Report: Turkey seeks warrant for NBA player Enes Kanter
Blast near Syria US-led coalition patrol causes casualties
Spain: DNA sample confirms 2-year-old fell into borehole
"Weather front brings sandstorms, hail, rain to Middle East"
"The Daily 202: From Brexit to NATO and the shutdown, Putin is winning so much he might get tired of winning"
Most Americans oppose the wall - and oppose ending the shutdown by funding it
"The Technology 202: In the Trump era, the most contrarian venture capitalists are investing in government tech"
"Barr confirmation hearing: Senate panel hears from colleagues, legal experts on Trump's attorney general nominee"
The Latest: Body of skier hit by Norway avalanche recovered
Kremlin derides allegations that Trump could work for Moscow
"German police raid far-right group members, find weapons"
"In critiquing the Gillette ad, some conservatives see 'traditional masculinity' under threat"
The breakout star of William Barr's confirmation hearing: His note-writing grandson
Pelosi asks Trump to postpone State of the Union address because of government shutdown - or deliver it in writing
Pelosi asks Trump to reschedule State of the Union address because of the partial government shutdown
Baltimore and Washington sit atop 'Bed Bug' cities listing
"The Russians know exactly what Putin and Trump talked about, but we may not find out for decades"
U.S. confirms American troops killed in blast claimed by Islamic State in Syria
ICC judges say Gbagbo should be released following acquittal
The Latest: Scores are charged over Zimbabwe protests
US military says American troops killed in Syria blast
Romania: Ruling on intelligence pact puts trials in doubt
"Pelosi's bold letter about postponing Trump's State of the Union, annotated"
Rep. Ed Case said he's 'an Asian trapped in a white body.' His apology didn't help.
Pelosi asking Trump to postpone his State of the Union is her latest power play in this shutdown impasse
"Christie: Trump is surrounded by 'amateurs, grifters, weaklings' and 'felons' - but it's not really his fault"
Trump is the most polarizing president on record - and almost nobody's opinion of him is changing
'They're going to get past you': Attack in Kenya shows how increased security can be thwarted
US military says service members killed in Syria blast
Zimbabwe police arrest scores in harsh crackdown on protests
UN authorizes monitoring of Yemen cease-fire in key port
The Latest: Body of German skier recovered after avalanche
A rebuke from Iowa: 'It's time for Steve King to go'
Anchorage police continue search for rodeo cow that escaped 6 months ago
Roku bans Infowars after online backlash
Gannett apologizes after refusing to run obituary that blamed Trump for death
"While Brexit burned, former prime minister David Cameron surfed in Costa Rica"
"Theresa May expected to survive confidence vote, even after Brexit failure"
The Latest: Erdogan: Attack could be to deter US withdrawal
Albania parliament backs government reshuffle
"After crossing into Guatemala, migrants set sights on Mexico"
"Gunmen attack villages in central Mali, kill 20 people"
Pakistani police raid militant hideout; 4 people killed
US says China's death sentence against Canadian political
House Democratic leaders try to avert censure vote on Rep. Steve King
Did Pelosi actually disinvite Trump from giving the SOTU address? Not exactly.
Trolling Trump and feeding furloughed workers: How brands are wading into the chaos of the shutdown
The entire United States might see a blood-red supermoon on Sunday
Drinkers rushed to buy booze after the 18th Amendment's ratification a century ago
Russia knows what Putin and Trump discussed. Others might not find out for decades
"After Brexit deal is rejected, exasperated E.U. leaders wonder what the Britons want"
American businessman among 14 killed in Nairobi terrorist attack
The Latest: Zimbabwe arrests more than 600 for fuel protests
"Fighting flares up in Libyan capital, killing 5, wounding 20"
Zimbabwe's state security minister says more than 600 people have been arrested countrywide for fuel price protests
Greek PM Tsipras faces midnight confidence vote in his govt
Kenya says gunmen are killed in hotel attack; 14 victims die
Mayor's killing in Poland sparks anger against hate speech
The Democrats' strange capitulation to William Barr
Karen Pence's job at school banning gay employees latest reminder of current administration's views on LGBT issues
"Theresa May survives confidence vote, even after Brexit failure"
Death toll rises to 21 in Nairobi hotel attack
Barr hearing: Feinstein says she won't vote for attorney general nominee unless he promises to release Mueller report
Pence declares 'ISIS is defeated' hours after attack kills U.S. troops
Jason Spindler survived 9/11. Then he died at the hands of terrorists in Nairobi.
"Kenyan police: Death toll from extremist attack climbs to 21, plus five attackers"
"The Latest: UK's May wins vote to keep job, Brexit chaos"
UK PM Theresa May's government wins no-confidence vote in Parliament but faces battle to keep control of Brexit
Turkey's Erdogan calls for revision of Bosnia peace accords
Want to win the 2020 nomination? Maybe wait a bit before announcing.
The Democrats' capitulation to William Barr
Karen Pence's job at a school that bans gay employees is latest reminder of administration's views on LGBTQ issues
American anchor for Iranian TV is arrested on visit to US
"Death toll in Nairobi attack climbs to 21, plus 5 attackers"
ORRR-DUHHH: Britain Parliament speaker seeks to calm debate
Zimbabwe police arrest 600 in harsh crackdown on protests
Supreme Court justices seem skeptical of Tenn. residency requirement for liquor store owners
"Federal agency 'improperly' ignored constitutional concerns before allowing Trump to keep lease to his hotel, internal watchdog says"
"General Services Administration &#8216;ignored&#8217; constitutional concerns by allowing Trump to keep his D.C. hotel lease, watchdog says"
Ann Coulter justifies shutdown: A wall is worth more than 'the Yosemite gift shop being open'
"Theresa May survives confidence vote, even after failure of her Brexit plan"
Pence declares 'ISIS is defeated' hours after attack kills Americans in Syria
"Suicide blast kills four Americans in Syria, a sign of remaining extremist danger"
Survivors recount nightmarish siege in Nairobi hotel attack that killed 21
The Latest: Son: Jailed Iran state TV anchor would help FBI
Judge opens hearing on major Puerto Rico debt restructuring
Burkina Faso says Canadian abducted by suspected extremists
Russia: Ex-Marine held on spying charge gets prison visit
"2 US service members, 2 US civilians killed in Syria blast"
The Latest: Greek PM Tsipras survives confidence vote
House Democratic leaders plan to block censure vote on Rep. Steve King
The Latest: UN Security Council condemns Kenya attack
The Latest: UK's May looks to rivals for Brexit's Plan B
House Democratic leaders bottle up effort to censure Iowa Rep. Steve King
"Attacking saloons with a hatchet, Carry Nation helped get America into rehab 100 years ago"
"Pentagon developing plan to scrutinize recruits with green cards and other foreign ties, memos show"
"Mexico to ship gas on trains, thieves siphon whole pipelines"
Venezuela: 12 charged in detention of opposition leader
