Biden takes aim at Trump in Penn appearance
"Candidate did not know of alleged fraud in N.C. congressional race, consultant testifies"
"As French anti-Semitism rises, Macron's government struggles to respond"
"Trump grows frustrated with Coats, leading some to fear he might be fired"
Mexico closes temporary migrant shelter near US border
Kidnap suspect to face Sydney court for extradition to Chile
'Enjoy your life': Trump puts new attorney general in an awkward position from the start
"Caught between Trump and the left, Democratic candidates seek to avoid the socialism squeeze"
Oklahoma could be first test of who will pay for opioid crisis - and how much
New study finds association between 'ultraprocessed' foods and early death
"Trump approves plan for Space Force - but overseen by Air Force, as Pentagon sought"
Airliner reaches 801 mph as a furious jet stream packs record-breaking speeds
Pakistani PM willing to talk but warns India not to attack
China closes Tibet to foreigners for sensitive anniversaries
"Facing ethics violation, Wilbur Ross says he didn't mean to file inaccurate financial disclosures"
They were hiking in Zion National Park with no cell service. Then they fell into quicksand.
Microsoft says it has found another Russian operation targeting prominent think tanks
Trump says he's in 'no rush whatsoever' on North Korean denuclearization
Kim or Trump? Hanoi barber offers leaders' hairdos for free
Suspect in Pinochet-era crimes in Sydney extradition hearing
Possible peace declaration looms large over Kim-Trump summit
Deadly crackdown stokes fear among protesters in Venezuela
"Japan's exports fall 8.4 pct in Jan, hit by China slowdown"
The political battles to come after the fall of the Islamic State
Saudi crown prince lauds centuries-old ties with India
"David Icke, accused of anti-Semitism, denied Australian visa"
Daughter of ex-Mao secretary boycotts Communist-led memorial
"Northern Red Sea coral reefs may survive a hot, grim future"
Have Trump's policies 'lifted' nearly 5 million Americans off food stamps?
AP PHOTOS: Where pro- and anti-Brexit forces collide
Swiss bank UBS may face massive fines in French trial
"In Nigeria, film stars deploy to plead for election peace"
Saudi crown prince backs India's fight against terrorism
Pakistan arrests provincial assembly speaker over corruption
Ending the silence on sex abuse: Vatican holds summit
China backs Tanzania prison sentence for 'ivory queen'
White House readies panel to assess if climate change poses a national security threat
"Eight years after Fukushima's meltdown, the land is recovering, but public trust has not"
Putin focuses on social issues in state-of-the-nation speech
British foreign secretary urges Brexit solution
The Latest: Author links abuse to church culture of silence
Suspect arrested in Paris for anti-Semitic hate speech
Egypt executes 9 over 2015 killing of top prosecutor
Power Up: (Nuclear) bombshell report signals Trump administration could be escalating Middle Eastern arms race
The Federal Reserve could once push back against against big spending projects like the Green New Deal. Not any more.
"Trump's shutdown could hinder tax collectors for 'months, and even years'"
New Zealand's former prime minister appeared to cheer China in a state newspaper op-ed. She says she didn't write it.
Former top Chinese general sentenced to life for corruption
Algerian opposition figures hope to find joint candidate
3 UK Conservative lawmakers defect to new independent group
Three lawmakers from UK's governing Conservatives defect to new independent group
The Latest: Russia 'remains open' for arms talks with US
Egypt executes 9 over 2015 assassination of top prosecutor
Trump revives 'Crazy Bernie' nickname as Sanders enters 2020 race
"Yes, Gillibrand and DeLauro introduced a family leave bill. More important, Republicans are introducing paid leave bills, too."
Putin warns new weapons will target U.S. if missiles are deployed in Europe
Faeroes to close for tourists due to maintenance
Worker missing after part of French rail tunnel collapses
Putin sternly warns US against putting missiles in Europe
"EU, US call on Albania opposition to avoid violence in rally"
EU border guard chief says 'no burning crisis' over migrants
The Energy 202: Democrats sound alarm about Trump appointees' proposed nuclear energy sales to Saudi Arabia
The Health 202: Klobuchar's 2020 bid highlights Democratic split on Medicare-for-all
The Cybersecurity 202: 'Sometimes the old stuff is the best.' Sen. King wants the U.S. to unplug parts of electric grid
Political attacks mount in Israel as a retired general challenges Netanyahu
"Disgusted by Brexit hard-liners, three lawmakers abandon Theresa May's Conservative Party"
Ruling party endorses Uganda's Museveni for 6th term
Reports: Russian medical aid arrives in Venezuela
The Latest: French court fines Swiss bank UBS $4.2 billion
The Technology 202: House Democrats want answers from Facebook on privacy of 'closed' health groups
The Federal Reserve could once push back against big spending projects like the Green New Deal. Not anymore.
He was known as a 'prolific' homicide detective. Now prosecutors say he sexually assaulted witnesses and suspects.
White House prepares to scrutinize intelligence agencies' finding that climate change threatens national security
White House says it will seek return of billions in federal funds for California rail line
"'You want a cookie?': As families arrive en masse, border agents offer snacks and medical checks"
Trump's emergency declaration to pay for border wall faces a lengthy court battle
Putin warns new weapons will point toward U.S. if missiles are deployed in Europe
A refugee family escaped civil war in Syria - only for a fire to kill all 7 of their children
The Latest: Case filed in Sweden against Syrian officials
Turkey seeks life terms for 16 activists over 2013 protests
Possible peace declaration looms large over Trump-Kim summit
Italy's checking if NKorean envoy's daughter was forced back
UK cybersecurity chief: oversight of Huawei is working
Court rejects far-right party's lawsuit against Berlin mayor
The Daily 202: Barack Obama criticizes pop culture for promoting the wrong values to young men
"The Democrats attracting the most attention on Fox News? Warren, Harris - and Ocasio-Cortez."
"'Are you afraid?': As families arrive en masse, border agents' role shifts to humanitarian relief"
The Latest: Survivors demand transparency at Vatican summit
UK politics fractures further as 3 Conservatives defect
The Latest: Russia releases video of new underwater drone
India suspends key bus service to Pakistani part of Kashmir
Police: 1 dead after avalanche hits Swiss ski resort
Matthew Whitaker's testimony about Trump trying to influence the Cohen probe was weird. Now we might know why.
Trump seeks to discredit news report that he sought ally to oversee hush money investigation
Sanders touts $6 million fundraising haul and draws the notice of Trump
Supreme Court says constitutional protection against excessive fines applies to state actions
Family of Covington Catholic teenager sues The Washington Post for $250 million
"Shamima Begum, teenager who joined ISIS, to lose UK citizenship"
"The U.S. hosted a Mideast summit, and a dispute on the Holocaust ensued. Now it has to mediate between Israel and Poland."
French senators: Macron security affected by ex-aide's acts
The Latest: Spain diocese establishes clergy sex abuse panel
The Latest: UK asks EU to re-do Brexit border compromise
Germany: No former SS getting pensions in Belgium
"Lithuania detains 26, including judges, in corruption probe"
"US, North Korean envoys to meet in Hanoi ahead of summit"
Trump blames the media for not asking questions. The blame lies with the White House.
Matthew Whitaker's testimony about Trump trying to influence the Cohen inquiry was cagey. Now we might know why.
'Prolific' homicide detective allegedly sexually assaulted witnesses and suspects
Rescuers resume search for skier missing after avalanche near Telluride
Britain revokes citizenship of teenage 'ISIS bride'
"Following summit, U.S. mediates Holocaust dispute between Israel and Poland"
Spotted: Leopard wandering empty mall in India
Israel could become fourth country to reach the moon with space shot this week
"Abuse survivors demand Vatican transparency, accountability"
The Latest: Pope meets advocates for Polish abuse victims
"As US pushes to ban Huawei, UK considers softer approach"
Ukraine's president wants UN options for peace force in east
Venezuelan oil chief blames fire on opposition
Mexico activist killed days before pipeline referendum
The Latest: UK PM May in Brussels for more Brexit talks
Pope strives to fight cleric sex abuse with Vatican summit
Moroccan police crackdown on protesting teachers
Members of Congress voice alarm about report that Trump has grown frustrated with Coats
"The 'viscerally terrifying' lockdown a mom experienced in a classroom of 4-year-olds: 'I'd never witnessed the real thing. And, oh God, this was the real thing.'"
He is a prominent anti-Modi intellectual. The Indian government wants him behind bars.
Britain says Huawei has not fixed 'serious' problems affecting network security
Nielsen urges Central America to stop new migrant caravans
Powerful political leader warns against squandering peace
Netanyahu strikes election deal with far-right parties
The Latest: Son of priest meets with Vatican investigator
How little of Mueller's work can the Trump administration get away with releasing?
"A college student's cutesy 'Banana Plug' app was actually a way to sell meth, police say"
"Egypt executes 9 in 2015 killing of top prosecutor, despite claims of unfair trials"
Aid wars: US-Russia vie to ease Venezuelan crisis
"Morocco: Arab Spring anniversary brings reflection, beatings"
"The Latest: UK's May, EU's Juncker say talks 'constructive'"
French far-right EU candidate says his party equals progress
"Civilians, including many children, leave IS-held enclave"
Priest's son demands Vatican attention for clergy's children
"Supreme Court limits power of states and localities to impose fines, seize property"
How McCabe feeds Trump's narrative
Indian government wants prominent anti-Modi intellectual behind bars
UK revokes citizenship of teenage 'ISIS bride'
"Eight years after Fukushima's meltdown, the land is recovering, but public trust is not"
Italy's economy minister: Alitalia won't be nationalized
16 killed in attack by suspected herdsmen in Nigeria
"Nicaraguan poet-priest Cardenal leaves hospital, thanks pope"
Mexican privacy watchdog criticizes government over spyware
'That was my idea': How Trump claims credit for nearly everything
Stephen Biegun tutored Sarah Palin on foreign policy. Now he's trying to clinch a North Korea deal for Trump.
Trump says Alabama woman who joined ISIS will not be allowed back into U.S.
A more liberal Democratic electorate gets a more liberal primary field - to an extent
Flooding threatens parts of Mid-South and Southeast for the next few days
Police live-tweeted a girl's last day in a 1973 murder case. Now they have an arrest.
"Man dragged to his death after clothing gets caught on New York subway train, police say"
Veterans groups ask VA secretary to keep GI benefits out of the hands of predatory colleges
Algerian opposition weighs joint presidential candidate
"Gucci unmasks a harder, more masculine collection"
France to adopt international definition of anti-Semitism
Official: 8 armed men detained in Haiti could be sent to US
Tortoise feared extinct found on remote Galapagos island
"'Gay priests are in the crosshairs:' As Vatican abuse summit begins, debate over homosexuality is divisive undercurrent"
Justice Department preparing for Mueller report in coming days
Venezuela seeks UN support against 'military aggression'
