Scott Pruitt is renting from the family of an energy lobbyist. The White House found out through the media.
Cabinet under fire for spending taxpayer money
Fired VA chief is telling his side of the story to the media
WaPo: WH office that vets appointees inexperienced and understaffed
Sources: Internal report shows discrepancy between McCabe and Comey accounts
On board 'Doomsday' plane that can wage nuclear war
Russia tests new ballistic missile
Officer who shot Alton Sterling is fired
New body cam video of Alton Sterling shooting
"Stephon Clark was shot 8 times, 6 times in the back, doctor for family says"
Pope Francis makes cancer survivor's dream come true
He stood up to the Pope and changed history
CNN host: Trump seems to be tackling the job solo
Washington Post: WH office that vets appointees is inexperienced and understaffed
Opinion: Trump's fire alarm presidency
Why Walmart is looking to buy a health insurance giant
Roseanne Barr under fire for tweets
Opinion: Holy hazelnut mocha! California has gone off the deep end
Could this be a sign of change in police shooting crisis?
Trump likes 'Roseanne?' Of course he does
How Easter became a #MeToo moment
Notre Dame women knock off UConn
An American at the UN: Feltman's farewell
Who wins if Trump pulls the US out of Syria?
How 5 videos captured Sterling's shooting
Pastor charged with defrauding the elderly
CNN host questions Trump: Who needs advisers?
Royal wedding breaks from tradition
"It took less than two minutes to shoot Alton Sterling, but it's taken two years to discipline officers and release body camera footage"
New video of Alton Sterling shooting
Fired officer in Sterling case plans to appeal
"Stephon Clark was shot by police 8 times - 6 of them in the back, doctor retained by family says"
This CTE pioneer conducted Stephon Clark's second autopsy
Opinion: Could this be a sign of change in police shooting crises?
Malala Yousafzai returns to hometown in Pakistan
On board a nuclear 'Doomsday' plane
White House annoyed with EPA chief Scott Pruitt
Why Walmart wants to buy a health insurance giant
"He's 13, and he's serious about running for governor"
Why Trump likes 'Roseanne'
Trump's fire alarm presidency
Why Trump and the GOP are gaining
It took less than two minutes to shoot Alton Sterling. It's taken two years to discipline officers and release footage
Footage shows Kim inside his armored train to China
Space lab will fall to Earth any minute
Body camera shows officer threatened to shoot Alton Sterling within seconds
How five videos captured the fatal shooting of Alton Sterling
Baton Rouge police officer who shot Alton Sterling fired
Death of girl inspires change to heart screenings
These teachers work up to 6 jobs. Now they're fed up and ready to walk out
On board a 'Doomsday' plane
Footage shows Kim inside his armored train
White House annoyed with EPA chief
Who stands to gain if Trump pulls the US out of Syria?
Trump's promise to get out of Syria could be a win for Russia
Trump says US is leaving Syria very soon
"It takes some 10 years to earn $40,000 salaries. Some work six jobs to make ends meet. Now, they're ready to walk out."
"Teaching by day: coaching, landscaping, waitressing by night"
Oklahoma approves pay raise but union says it's not enough
Kentucky teachers furious after 'bait and switch' pension bill
Every teacher on a crowd-funding site just got their wishes fulfilled
Officer threatened to kill Alton Sterling in seconds
Body cam video of Alton Sterling shooting
NASA prepares to launch Mars parachute
He's 13 and he's running for governor
Women's Final Four championship preview
Royal wedding invitation bucks tradition
A DA who's changing rules on police shootings
Classmates honor the life of Connecticut trooper
"19-year-old  firefighter loses hands, feet to flu"
Bar sued in connection with drunk driving crash
Woman embarks on adventure to shatter stigma
New drones will offer high-tech assistance to police
Students raise money for cancer get unusual reward
Teen airlifted after suffering injuries at fair
Woman faces 17 counts of animal cruelty charges
ICE detainee captured after escaping custody
Trump lashes out after California Gov. pardons 5 immigrants
President continues attacks on Amazon
Man exonerated after 45 years in prison
Malala Yousafzai returns to her hometown
Five women to testify in Cosby retrial
Who is accuser Andrea Constand?
Ice age footprints found off Canadian coast
Over $100K worth of drugs found in Arkansas apartment
Teens battling illness get ready for special prom
Patient tested positive for measles in Kansas
Suspect crashes vehicle into police station
Woman saves elderly woman from house fire
Fire captain arrested for sexual misconduct
Players push back on accusations of racism
Man charged with killing high school student
"It takes them 10 years to earn $40,000 salaries. Some work several jobs to make ends meet. Now, they're ready to walk out."
McCabe's legal defense fund exceeds fundraising goal twice
Why Walmart wants to buy Humana
UN calls for probe after violent day in Gaza
April Fools' Day pranks to pull during Easter fun
Inside Kim Jong Un's train to China
The President slammed California Gov. Jerry Brown on Twitter for pardoning five immigrants facing possible deportation
"President targets Amazon, Washington Post"
Trump lashes out at California governor
"Former President Jimmy Carter dings Trump, says he prays for him"
UN calls for inquiry after Gaza's most violent day in 4 years
"It takes these fed-up teachers 10 years to earn $40,000 salaries"
Tesla Model X was in autopilot before fatal crash
Jim Carrey is trolling Trump with his paintings
SpaceX nose cone hit the water at high speed
What 'Roseanne' better worry about
He's changing rules on police shootings
The stunning decision by this president
What Walmart doesn't know about Cosmo
The President attacked California Gov. Jerry Brown for pardoning five immigrants facing possible deportation
"Former President dings Trump, says he prays for him"
"US, UK soldiers killed in Syria blast identified"
Coach forced out in sex assault scandal reportedly got $15.1M payout
Women's basketball: How ND shocked UConn
Here's why Walmart may buy Humana
Malala goes home for 1st time since shooting
Fans thank Selena Gomez for new Weeknd album
Shooting victim's brother interrupts meeting
Roseanne tweets support of Trump conspiracy theory
China's 8-ton space lab will fall to Earth at any minute
Former Disney star joins White House press team
Questions surround family killed off cliff
Ingraham to take a week off as advertisers flee her Fox News show
Trump freezes $200 million in aid to Syria
US soldier killed in Syria identified
Is Anthony Davis' unibrow really gone?
Student's behavior set off 'red flag after red flag'
Trump: Amazon is scamming the post office
Former President dings Trump and says he prays for him
Zlatan makes miracle debut in LA
Opionion: What 'Roseanne' better worry about
California is being ridiculous
Building collapse in India kills at least 7 people
WH wants to hear your opioid addiction story
What exactly happened in SapceX's launch?
China's 8-ton space lab will fall to Earth anytime
"'Apparently, yes,' America wants kind of a jerk as president, Carter says"
Will the spate of lawsuits against fringe media stop conspiracy theories?
Ted Nugent calls Parkland survivors 'liars'
Hogg on Ingraham: 'A bully is a bully'
Bill Cosby is on trial again. But a lot has changed since last year
Highs and lows of Cosby's career
Why the universe shouldn't exist at all
"This Easter, don't let politics define forgiveness"
CNN host: President Trump doing the job solo
