Rural Kentucky residents fear proposed Medicaid cuts
U.S. soldier accused of supporting ISIS thought 9/11 was an inside job
"Man jailed, 2 out on bail in connection with American tourist's death"
Can pacemaker data be used against a defendant?
Man accused of killing wife during Uber ride pleads not guilty
Ex-staffers charged with sending nude photos of Congress member
"George W. Bush: Bill Clinton is a ""brother with a different mother"""
"Revised health care bill may not be enough to win over moderates, conservatives"
Obsessed
7/13: CBS Evening News
Preview: The Takeout 7/14
Report: GOP operative who looked for Clinton emails committed suicide
"Longtime voice of Kermit the Frog fired, says he is ""devastated"""
"Police: Dad killed girlfriend, baby just before first birthday in murder-suicide"
"Changes to Senate bill may not be enough to sway moderates, conservatives"
Did Obama's DOJ let Russian lawyer into U.S.?
Changes to Senate GOP's health care bill may not be enough to put it over the top
"Ex-staffers charged with sending nude videos, photos of Congress member"
A centennial celebration of a CBS News legend
Judge expands list of relatives exempted from Trump's travel ban
Did Obama's Justice Dept. let Russian lawyer into U.S.?
CBS News and BBC join forces in global newsgathering relationship
Report: GOP operative who sought Clinton emails committed suicide
"Longtime voice of Kermit the Frog fired, says he's ""devastated"""
"Police: Dad killed girlfriend, baby just before 1st birthday in murder-suicide"
What's a bot and how is it related to the Russia investigation?
"Trump says he'd invite Putin to White House ""at the right time"""
Senate GOP's revised health care bill already in trouble
"Confessed killer of 4 Pa. men was barred by university, it says"
Deadly attack at Jerusalem holy site
How to describe Trumpism in America: Don't focus on Trump
Here's how much the hunt for parking really costs
Can beer and plush recliners save the movie industry?
Did a bitcoin bubble just burst?
A hard lesson for Jane Sanders and small colleges
Russia threatens retaliation in U.S. diplomatic row
Political drama overshadows Trump's Paris trip
Trump's Paris trip dogged by political drama
Eye Opener: Trump defends son's meeting
Trump attends Paris Bastille Day parade amid Russia uproar
Eye Opener: Trump defends son's meeting with a Russian lawyer
"Pa. man confesses to killing four missing men, lawyer says"
GOP struggling to rally support for new health care proposal
"""What people want"": Bipartisan lawmakers on health care, Russia probe"
Honda recalls 1.2M Accords over faulty part
Rain drenches Midwest before heading to East Coast
"From health care to Russia probe, bipartisan group of lawmakers weigh in"
Details revealed about Trump son-in-law's security clearance forms
Jet blast death prompts calls to avoid popular St. Maarten spot
"From health care to Russia probe, lawmakers weigh in"
How do politicians gather opposition research on other candidates?
CBO: Trump's 2018 budget would not balance as White House has claimed
Did Obama's Justice Department let Russian lawyer into U.S.?
Donnie Wahlberg leaves whopping tip at N.C. Waffle House
Betsy DeVos rethinks Obama-era guidelines for campus sex assault
Brits fight to bring most beloved creature back from brink
"Congresswoman urges colleagues to ""bare arms"" in the House"
"Amid Russia uproar, Trump tells reporters his son is a ""good boy"""
Calls for fewer high-speed police chases amid safety concerns
"Bob Schieffer says Trump Jr. should have been ""wary"" of Russia's help"
U.S. victim of Bastille Day attack looks back a year later
Do digital home devices put your privacy at risk?
"Headlines of the week: Trump Jr.'s Russia meeting, 4 Pa. men go missing"
Inside Bugatti's new $3 million car
Human remains found in cold case involving Pa. police chief
Take a (fast) ride in Bugatti's new $3 million car
Teens arrested over spate of acid attacks in London
Source reveals what led cops to farm with common grave
Sinkhole forces Florida neighborhood to evacuate
Trump campaign digital director to be interviewed by House Intelligence Committee
Stabbing attack on tourists at Egyptian Red Sea resort
Should popular St. Maarten jet-watching spot be closed?
Should popular Caribbean jet-watching spot be closed after death?
Longtime voice of Kermit the Frog fired
"JPMorgan Chase CEO: ""Almost an embarrassment being an American"""
Should popular jet-watching spot be closed after tourist's death?
"House Democrats launch effort to obtain Trump records, force floor votes on Russia"
Arizona man allegedly beat disabled stepdad to death
Beyonce debuts twins Rumi and Sir Carter
Source reveals what led cops to Pa. farm with grave
"Preview: Al Gore and ""An Inconvenient Sequel"""
Report: Mac and cheese contains chemicals banned from baby products
2 Uber drivers charged with rape in same city in a week
Rapper DMX busted for tax fraud
"Mom warns of ""Pink"" drug that killed her son"
"If Amazon starts sharing Alexa recordings, should we be concerned?"
Deadly attack on tourists at Egyptian Red Sea resort
Should police be allowed to shame suspects on Facebook?
Russian-American lobbyist claims he was also in Trump Jr. meeting
"7,500 pounds of eels spill onto highway, coat cars in slime"
House Democrats launch effort to force floor votes on Russia
Court: Commissioners' prayer practice violated Constitution
Virtual reality helps reinvent police training
"Feeling cut off, cop cleared in killing takes action"
GOP congressman calls on Trump to remove children from White House
2 charged in killings of missing Pennsylvania men
"Man released on bail describes ""chaos"" before U.S. tourist's death"
"Trooper killed after patrol vehicle, garbage truck collide"
What an artificial intelligence researcher fears about AI
Bridal retailer Alfred Angelo abruptly closes
FBI: Human remains belong to fugitive wanted for police chief slaying
House votes down proposal to ban DOD payments for gender transition surgeries
House rejects proposal to ban DOD payments for gender transition surgeries
Man charged with drunk driving for the 12th time
Former President Jimmy Carter released from hospital
"Jupiter images thrill, inspire public to participate"
Communities will face chronic flooding as sea levels rise
Brides-to-be panic as bridal retailer abruptly closes
"""The Walking Dead"" stuntman dies after on-set fall"
Court docs reveal grisly details in killings of 4 men
County struggles to treat 150 synthetic marijuana overdoses in one week
"Jamie Dimon: ""It's almost an embarrassment being American"""
"Man skips job interview, jumps off bus to rescue car crash victim"
President Trump defends son's meeting with Russia lawyer
Jamie Dimon lashes out during conference call
"What has changed in the Senate health care bill, and what hasn't?"
"Cops: Georgia couple on honeymoon kidnap, rape Florida woman"
"Woman taking selfie causes $200,000 in damage at art exhibit"
"Despite Trump Jr.'s meeting and swirling rumors, supporters sticking with the president"
Former Trump campaign adviser Michael Caputo testifies in Russia probe
"Former member of Soviet military, pro-Russian lobbyist was in Trump Jr. meeting"
"""No contact with Russians,"" testifies ex-Trump campaign adviser"
"""Less than a second from disaster""; New details on near-collision at SFO"
"After heavy rains, Illinois residents brace for possibility of record flooding"
Gruesome details released as two charged in murder of four PA men
"Pro-Russian lobbyist, former Soviet officer was in Trump Jr. meeting"
Widower builds museum of love to commemorate 60-year marriage
Report reveals how close jet was to crashing at San Francisco airport
"Bridal retailer abruptly closes, leaving many brides-to-be angry and desperate"
Illinois residents brace for possibility of record flooding
Report: Judge tosses conviction of activist who laughed at Jeff Sessions
"""The swamp's deeper than he thought"": Trump supporters stick with him"
