Northeast blanketed by season's first snow
Six major fires continue to burn in Southern California
Millions digging out from East Coast snowstorm
All eyes on Alabama ahead of Tuesday's special election
President Trump speaks at civil rights museum opening despite protests
"""New Alabama vs. old Alabama"": On the ground for the special election"
Arab foreign ministers discuss response to Jerusalem decision
Rocks and firebombs vs. tear gas and rubber bullets in Jerusalem
12/9: CBS Evening News
"San Diego's Lilac Fire 20 percent contained, fire officials say"
"Top diplomat urged ""time is of the essence"" for solution in North Korea, U.N. says"
Oklahoma's Baker Mayfield wins Heisman
South Carolina serial killer says he has more victims
"2 dead after small plane crashes into San Diego house, fire officials say"
"John Boyega almost missed ""Last Jedi"" premiere due to snow"
Roosevelt Glenn and Darryl Pinkins: Guilty until proven innocent
"1 adult, 2 children dead in apparent murder-suicide in Texas, police say"
Artist's prized painting saved while Bel Air mansion burns to the ground
How can two men be convicted of a crime when DNA evidence excluded them?
Protest near U.S. Embassy in Beirut sparks clashes
Protest sparks clashes near U.S. Embassy in Beirut
The divine drawings of Michelangelo
Painter's prized work saved while Bel Air mansion burns
"Early praise for ""The Last Jedi"" after jam-packed world premiere"
"""Very abnormal"" snowfall in the South"
Parts of Deep South deal with after-effects of early snowstorm
Rehab that puts alcoholic pilots back in the cockpit
Six wildfires rage in Southern California
3 arrested in firebomb attack on synagogue
"Now trending: HQ, the trivia game show app"
"A ""Christmas Carol"" with its own little miracle"
The divine creations of Michelangelo
"Top diplomat urged ""time is of the essence"" for solution in N. Korea, UN says"
"The triumphant reign of Broadway's ""The Lion King"""
When pilots go from rehab to the cockpit
Woman wins lottery twice in one day
Judd Apatow: Pretty serious about comedy
"Woman killed, 2 men wounded in hookah bar shooting"
Michelangelo's divine drawings
"Logic says ""Be happy to be you"""
Faith Salie: What will be the aftermath of the sexual harassment firestorm?
Soul sisters
"Haley on Trump accusers: Women who accuse anyone ""should be heard"" and ""dealt with"""
Calendar: Week of December 11
A perfect storm of sexual harassment accusations
"""CBS Evening News"" anchor Jeff Glor to interview French president"
Unrest pushes past Israel's borders following the U.S. embassy announcement
"Open: This is Face the Nation, December 10th"
Boston fire crews respond to manhole explosions
"Amb. Haley says recognizing Jerusalem as Israeli capital is ""the right thing to do"""
Unrest pushes past Israel's borders following the U.S. Jerusalem announcement
Nature: Snow geese
"Despite violence, Amb. Haley says recognizing Jerusalem as Israeli capital is ""the right thing to do"""
"If Moore is elected, Sen. Collins says senators will face ""tough decision"""
Sen. Durbin says no political calculation in Democrats' calls for Franken's resignation
"Sen. Collins says she is ""disappointed"" the RNC resumed its support of Roy Moore"
Raging California fire triggers new evacuation orders
"Toxic combo of prescription drugs killed rapper Lil Peep, report says"
Most Alabama GOP leaders say they are voting for Roy Moore
Sen. Durbin says the country needs a national standard on sexual harassment
"Haley on Trump accusers: Women who accuse anyone ""should be heard"""
Was political calculus behind the push for Sen. Franken to resign?
How will the Jerusalem announcement affect peace negotiations?
"Wrestler Rich Swann arrested, charged with battery of wife"
"""Sunday Morning"" full episode 12/10"
What could the Alabama Senate race mean for the Republican Party?
Mother and 2-year-old kicked off Spirit Airlines flight
Authorities: Gunman who killed 5 in Northern Calif. died by suicide
"U.S. committed to Mideast peace, official says"
FAA warns against flying drones near California wildfires
"12/10: Amb. Nikki Haley, Sen. Susan Collins and Sen. Richard Durbin"
Trump talks tax cuts and budget on golf course with Graham
Missing child alert issued for four brothers
"In robocall, Trump tells Ala. voters Republicans ""need"" Roy Moore's seat"
"Collins says senators will face ""tough decision"" if Moore is elected"
Intelligence agency warns of alleged Chinese cyberspying
Comedian Hannibal Buress arrested in Miami
Police link 4 Detroit shootings to same suspect or suspects
"North Atlantic right whales could become extinct, officials say"
U.K. snow disrupts air and road travel
CBS News investigation looks into how sexual assault cases are handled at U.S. Air Force Academy
