"Missing Florida nanny found dead, police say"
Body of missing Virginia college student found in North Carolina
"Body of missing Va. college student found in N.C., police say"
O.J. Simpson: What's next following prison release?
Thousands march in Dublin to change abortion law
"O.J. Simpson appears to be moving ahead of release, prison offiical says"
Raynella Leath: The Widow on Solway Road
"Sea turtle carries ashes of ""Guardian of the Gulf"" to Gulf of Mexico"
"O.J. Simpson appears to be moving ahead of release, prison official says"
"After LeBron's ""bum"" tweet, team owner received ""vile"" voicemails"
Falling prop collapses on Marilyn Manson onstage in NYC
"Nicole Brown Simpson, Ron Goldman murders still an open case"
O.J. Simpson freed from prison
O.J. Simpson freed from prison after 9 years
Police smash their way into polling stations in Catalonia
The evolution of Mondrian's art
Trump stokes controversy over his call for action against NFL players
"World must step up Rohingya aid, head of UN food agency says"
Police warn people to avoid Marseille train station amid reports of attack
A new blueprint for America's construction trades
"To ""Da Vinci Code"" author Dan Brown, success is no riddle"
The art of Piet Mondrian
O.J. Simpson released from Nevada prison
Trump defends response to Puerto Rico crisis in new tweets
Hugh Hefner's complicated legacy
"Almanac: ""In God We Trust"""
Rebuilding America's pool of construction workers
Celebrating Mondrian's art
"2 women killed in French train station attack, officials say"
"Samuel Irving ""Si"" Newhouse Jr., media titan, has died"
Paul Ryan doesn't rule out possible tax increase for some middle-class families
In my opinion: Justice Antonin Scalia speaks
Faith Salie on Hugh Hefner's complicated legacy
"Ryan says middle class tax cut is top goal, but can't guarantee everyone will get one"
Justice Antonin Scalia speaks
Calendar: Week of October 2
Nature: Big horn sheep
"Samuel Irving ""Si"" Newhouse Jr., media titan, dies at 89"
The newest story from Mark Twain
Sofia Vergara: The accent is on business
"Sen. Rubio warns political ""bickering"" hinders Puerto Rico recovery"
Bill Murray sings
Barcelona mayor: More than 460 injured in clashes in Catalonia
"Speaker Ryan: ""The objective is to lower taxes for middle class taxpayers"""
San Juan Mayor says not enough is being done
"Schumer calls Puerto Rico relief effort ""slow-footed"" and ""not adequate"""
Canadian police investigate car and knife attack as terrorism
"Speaker Ryan says, ""The current tax code discourages making things in America"""
Ex-Rep. Grimm eyeing Congress comeback after tax fraud plea
"Trump: Tillerson ""wasting his time trying to negotiate with Little Rocket Man"""
"Political ""bickering"" hinders Puerto Rico recovery, Rubio warns"
Why is the relief effort in Puerto Rico so difficult?
Speaker Ryan on race relations in the United States
Speaker Ryan shares the objectives of the Republican tax plan
Puerto Ricans are in desperate need of food and water
"Open: This is Face the Nation, October 1st"
"10/1: Charles Schumer, Ben Domenech, Amy Walter"
Sen. Schumer says the GOP tax plan will not create growth
Sen. Schumer says the relief effort in Puerto Rico has been slow and inadequate
Sen. Rubio says the Puerto Rican government itself is a victim of Hurricane Maria
Bob Schieffer on the state of journalism in the Trump era
Coast Guard report: Captain's errors primary cause of El Faro sinking
Canadian police investigate Edmonton attack as terrorism
"Trump says Tillerson ""wasting his time"" trying to negotiate with N. Korea"
Mark Zuckerberg asks for forgiveness amid Facebook scrutiny
"Dave Strader, hockey broadcaster, dies at 62"
Some NFL players kneel Sunday during national anthem
"Robert D. Hales, top-ranking Mormon leader, dies at 85"
"More than 800 injured in clashes in Catalonia, authorities says"
Catalan president says his state has won right to independence
Catalan president says state wins independence
Air France flight makes emergency landing in Canada
"Sen. Chuck Schumer slams Puerto Rico relief effort as ""slow-footed"""
Catalan president says state wins right to independence
"ISIS says ""soldier"" carries out stabbing of 2 women at train station"
Trump works on pitching tax reform
Puerto Rico governor: Progress is being made
O.J. Simpson out on parole
"ISIS claims one of its ""soldiers"" stabs 2 women at train station"
New York Yankees will expand protective netting next season
Families blame oil refinery for diverting floodwater to their homes
Congressman Steve Scalise shares shooting horror story
NFL players resume protesting national anthem
"Robert D. Hales, top-ranking Mormon leader, dead at 85"
Crackdown on Catalans in Spain as they vote for independence
