"NFL commissioner: Trump's comments ""divisive"""
The Dish: Boston's Tim Cushman
"Saturday Sessions: The Mavericks perform ""Easy As It Seems"""
NFL teams respond to Trump's comments about player protests
Major health care groups united in opposition to GOP bill
"Stevie Wonder takes ""a knee for America"" at NYC concert"
Investigators seek public's help in solving 2008 cold case murder
MLB player kneels during national anthem
Library book returned 78 years later
Tropical Storm Pilar forms in the Pacific
Trump continues to criticize NFL in new tweets
Trump travel ban expires Sunday; new restrictions expected
Germans head to the polls as Merkel bids for fourth term
"UN official: Rohingya exodus ""most urgent refugee emergency in the world"""
"More than 35,000 people flee menacing Bali volcano"
What's in a name? Plenty
The New Season: Movies
"Almanac: ""60 Minutes"" debuts"
Is an unusual name good for you?
Music
Art
A museum-worthy collection of trash
Harry Potter brings his magic to the stage
"Iain Armitage works his magic in ""Young Sheldon"""
And the band member played on
Shania Twain on finding her voice again
Anthony Weiner faces sentencing in latest chapter of sexting drama
The New Season: Books
Theater
About two dozen NFL players kneel during national anthem
"Ann Patchett: Writer, and purveyor, of books"
Calendar: Week of September 25
"Open: This is Face the Nation, September 24th"
Nature: Whooping cranes
Sen. Collins says it's hard to envision voting yes on Graham-Cassidy
Week in Review:  Trump's tough talk
NFL coaches are listening to their players
"Sen. Gardner says ""we have a long way to go"" on diplomatic work with North Korea"
"John's Notebook: What is ""regular order""?"
Rep. Schiff discusses Russian manipulation on social media in the 2016 election
John's Notebook: Calling for regular order
Will President Trump's attacks on the NFL undercut his agenda?
WH Director of Legislative Affairs says Trump is a huge help to efforts on Capitol Hill
"9/24:  Collins, Gardner, Schiff"
Is health care a right for the American people?
NFL teams respond to Trump's comments
"Sen. Collins says it's hard to envision getting to ""yes"" on latest health care bill"
Merkel claims mandate to form new German government
Multiple people injured in shooting at Tennessee church
"1 dead, multiple injured in shooting at Tennessee church"
Gunman opens fire at Tennessee church
"Rep. Adam Schiff: ""No truth"" to claim Obama wiretapped Trump"
"GOP senator says it's ""unacceptable"" to allow N. Korea to maintain nuclear program"
WH's Marc Short defends Trump's NFL comments
Marc Short claims health care bill guarantees pre-existing conditions coverage
Merkel wins 4th term but nationalists surge in German vote
"How to watch ""Star Trek: Discovery"""
"NFL players kneel, raise fists, lock arms during national anthem"
"NFL players kneel, raise fists during national anthem"
W.H.'s Marc Short defends Trump's NFL comments
"1 dead, multiple injuries in shooting at Tennessee church"
"1 dead, multiple injuries after shooting at Tenn. church"
"""Star Trek: Discovery"" spacecraft flies across New York City"
Milo Yiannopoulos holds short rally at UC Berkeley
About 2 dozen NFL players kneel during national anthem
"NFL players kneel, raise their fists during national anthem performances"
W.H. Director of Legislative Affairs says Trump is a huge help to efforts on Capitol Hill
Is LA prepared for a major quake like the one that hit Mexico City?
"Hurricane Maria sets Puerto Rico back decades, official says"
"UN official on the ""most urgent refugee emergency in the world"""
FBI opens civil rights investigation into deadly Tennessee church shooting
Trump signs new travel ban with enhanced vetting
Trump encourages NFL boycott over national anthem protests
