Michigan defeats Loyola-Chicago in Final Four
Live updates: Michigan defeats Loyola-Chicago in Final Four
Live updates: Villanova takes on Kansas in Final Four
"Homebuilt plane crashes in California, killing 2"
"FBI sex trafficking sting: ""Our primary focus is to recover children"""
Villanova to meet Michigan in NCAA national championship game
Man wounded after police say he fired at Kentucky officer
"Arnold Schwarzenegger in ""good spirits"" after heart surgery"
Inside the world of child sex trafficking and the high-tech approach to saving victims
Villanova and Michigan head to national championship
"India building collapse leaves 10 dead, 3 injured"
Pope Francis calls for peace in Easter message
Overload: How technology is bringing us too much information
Breaking the boundaries of stained glass
Almanac: April Fool's Day
The man in the glass booth: Behind the trial of infamous Nazi war criminal
"""Frozen"" songwriters Bobby and Kristen Lopez: Collaborators for life"
Winning ticket for massive Mega Millions jackpot sold in New Jersey
"""2001: A Space Odyssey"" turns 50"
Not your grandfather's stained glass
Smartphones and our information overload
"Sen. Tim Scott: Polarization one of the ""greatest national security issues"""
The man in the glass booth
"John Krasinski and Emily Blunt find ""A Quiet Place"" together"
Remembering 1968: The Martin Luther King Jr. we knew
"Trump threatens Dems, Mexico over DACA, border security"
How author Ernie Cline finally won
Calendar: Week of April 2
Nature: Bunnies
Remembering 1968: Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.
"Playing basketball, and not playing victim"
The capture and trial of Adolf Eichmann
"Sen. Tim Scott: ""Disappointed"" if Trump pardons Paul Manafort"
Extended interview: Sen. Tim Scott and Rep. Trey Gowdy
"Sanders: Privatizing the VA a ""very, very bad idea"""
U.N. refugee chief calls for more resources to tackle refugee crisis
The Martin Luther King Jr. we knew
"Sanders says privatizing the VA a ""very, very bad idea"""
"Open: This is Face the Nation, April 1st"
Student in custody after bomb threat forces campus evacuation
Student in custody after bomb threat forces university to evacuate
UN High Commissioner Filippo Grandi on the global refugee crisis
"Sen. Scott: ""We have to find a path back to being one nation"""
Are President Trump and his national security team on the same page?
"Rep. Gowdy: ""I'm glad we have Bob Mueller"""
Sen. Scott and Rep. Gowdy on racial divides in America
"Trump says Democrats ""blew it"" on DACA"
Video shows man attacking 19-year-old at Detroit hospital
"4/1: Senator Tim Scott, Representative Trey Gowdy, and Bernie Sanders"
Sen. Sanders says the VA should listen to the veterans
"Saks Fifth Avenue, Lord & Taylor stores hit with data breach"
Teens begin 50-mile march to honor Martin Luther King Jr.
Kim Jong Un watches performance by k-pop stars
Marymount University student taken into custody after bomb threat
Video shows man attacking Muslim woman at Detroit hospital
"China retaliates, imposing new tariffs on U.S. imports"
China imposes new tariffs on U.S. imports in retaliation
Are Trump and his national security team on same page?
"Amazon, Google patent applications hint at devices listening more"
How technology is bringing us too much information
Russian diplomats expelled from U.S. arrive in Moscow
"After 34 years in prison, ""Palm Sunday Massacre"" killer a free man"
"John Krasinski & Emily Blunt find ""A Quiet Place"" together"
Obama-era ban on toxic paint stripper chemical postponed indefinitely
Gun rights activists stage dramatic protest after Vermont passes new gun safety laws
"2 weeks after Stephon Clark shooting, Sacramento residents still on edge"
Trump accuses Mexico of laughing at U.S. immigration policies
Court rules government can't block immigrant teens from abortion
How IEDs may be physically causing PTSD
The mystery of the Herculaneum scrolls
Red paint splattered across Trump golf club sign in Florida
Gator found taking a dip in Florida swimming pool
Bridging the Middle East conflict with music
"When ""60 Minutes"" first met Daniel Barenboim"
