Uber agrees to $245 million settlement with self-driving car company
Cyber security experts warn about hackers targeting Olympics
Flu becomes widespread in 48 states
Mudslide victims say insurance company are disputing claims
First medals awarded at 2018 Winter Olympics
Syria shoots down Israeli fighter jet as Syria conflict escalates
"Winter Olympics ""draws hackers like flies to a candle,"" cybersecurity expert says"
"Omarosa briefly leaves ""Celebrity Big Brother"" house for medical attention"
"Kim Cattrall to Sarah Jessica Parker: ""You are not my friend"""
High school student designs app to help those with  Alzheimer's remember loved ones
2/10: CBS Evening News
Red Gerard wins U.S.' first gold medal
Winter Olympics 2018: Red Gerard wins U.S.' first gold medal
Red Gerard wins Team USA's first gold medal
"Olympics ""draws hackers like flies to a candle"""
Helicopter crashes in the Grand Canyon
"College Republican ""freedom rally"" leads to several arrests"
"Was death of Wall Street wiz an accident, suicide or murder?"
"""Murder spree"" leaves 5 dead in 2 shootings, police say"
Larry Nassar sent to maximum security prison in Arizona
OxyContin maker to stop promoting drug to doctors amid opioid epidemic
Cybersecurity experts warn about hackers targeting Olympics
Winter Olympics 2018: Canada leads team figure skating
3 dead in helicopter crash in Grand Canyon
Plane with 71 aboard crashes near Moscow
The growing acceptance of autism in the workplace
Office romance: Love is still in the air
The O'Jays and their enduring message of love
Tokens of love: The Welsh tradition of lovespoons
Almanac: Crash test dummies
Hiring autistic workers
U.S. wins first gold medal at Pyeongchang Olympics
Spooning: A Welsh love tradition
U.S. captures first-ever medal in men's singles luge
Did Abraham Lincoln sleep here?
Dylan Lauren's sweet success
Nature: Culebra
Calendar: Week of February 12
The sweet success of Dylan's Candy Bar
The strange story of Lincoln's cabins
A stand-up teacher
Love at the office
"Dylan Lauren: You, too, can keep fit while enjoying candy"
"Sen. Rand Paul criticizes GOP ""hypocrisy"" on debt, deficits"
Sen. Paul says the war in Afghanistan has outlasted its mission
OMB Director Mulvaney says President Trump has confidence in COS John Kelly
"Open: This is Face the Nation, February 11, 2018"
"Rep. Mark Meadows on budget deal: ""The swamp won and the American taxpayer lost"""
"Schiff: FBI followed ""correct procedures"" for FISA warrant"
"Mulvaney: WH reaction to Porter was ""completely reasonable and normal"""
What do the allegations against Rob Porter mean for the White House?
Author Joe Califano says the presidency has gained too much power
"Rep. Meadows says ""the swamp won"" on the spending deal"
Rep. Schiff says the FBI followed the correct procedures for contested FISA warrant
"Russian plane crashes near Moscow, killing 71"
Olympics: NBC apologizes to South Koreans for analyst's remark
2/11: Face The Nation
"The love story behind the basically true ""The Big Sick"""
Police previously sent to home where officers were killed
Trump's infrastructure plan relies almost entirely on non-federal funding
"Beijing mall stabbing: Knife attack leaves 1 dead, 12 injured"
4 charged after brutal attack on correction officer at Rikers Island
Food for the heart and soul: The ramen noodle chef redefining cafeteria cuisine
"SpaceX kicks 21st century ""space race"" into high gear"
Kirstin Gillibrand defends call for resignation of former Sen. Al Franken
"Purdue Pharma ""will no longer promote opioids to doctors"""
American victories in the Winter Olympics
3 dead in Grand Canyon helicopter crash
Russian passenger jet crashes shortly after take off
