"""Avengers: Endgame"" surpasses $2 billion in ticket sales"
3rd body recovered in rubble of Illinois silicone plant that exploded
Trump taps Obama-era Border Patrol chief as ICE director
"Adam Sandler performs tribute to Chris Farley on ""Saturday Night Live"""
"Ransomware, Frontotemporal Dementia, Polar Punk"
Jetliner that slid into Jacksonville river used shortened runway
Dozens dead but dozens survive fiery emergency landing at Russian airport
"Venezuelan opposition in touch with Russia ""on several levels"": leader"
New Israeli-Palestinian cease-fire deal apparently reached
"In. S.C. church, voters tell Biden they want a fighter"
"U.S. sending forces to Mideast to warn Iran, Bolton says"
Dozens die but dozens survive fiery emergency landing at Russian airport
"New Israeli-Palestinian cease-fire in effect, for now"
Dozens die but dozens survive fiery emergency landing in Russia
CBS News announces anchor changes
"CBS News announces anchor changes at ""CBS This Morning"" and ""CBS Evening News"""
Eye Opener: U.S. aims show of force at Iran
U.S. sending forces to Mideast to warn Iran
Brunei says it will not enforce gay sex death penalty after protests
Why moving to find work is a lot harder than it used to be
Rep. Dan Crenshaw stands by criticism of Ilhan Omar's 9/11 comments
Cease-fire ends latest Israeli-Palestinian violence - for now
"U.S. sending aircraft carrier, bomber to Middle East to warn Iran"
"CBS News announces anchor changes at ""CBS This Morning,"" ""CBS Evening News"""
"Full interview: Rep. Dan Crenshaw on the Mueller report, Ilhan Omar and Venezuela"
Brunei says it will not enforce gay sex death penalty after worldwide protests
At least 41 people killed on Russian jet after fiery emergency landing in Moscow
Melanoma Monday: Survival rates improving due to treatment advances
Cory Booker 2020: New Jersey senator reveals plan to curb gun violence
"Derby winner's trainer: ""I feel terrible that I have to apologize"""
"""Game of Thrones"" fans wage epic battle to avoid spoilers"
Boeing didn't tell airlines about safety alert failure until after crash
"Kentucky Derby winner's trainer: ""I feel terrible that I have to apologize for winning"""
"Passenger on jet that skidded into Florida river: ""It was total chaos"""
Eye Opener at 8: Cease-fire ends Israeli-Palestinian fight for now
"Royal wedding photographer Alexi Lubomirski on new children's book, royal baby"
"Silicon Valley insider sounds alarm on how tech is ""downgrading humans"""
"Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, is in labor - live updates"
Teen football phenom killed by stray bullet
SpaceX cargo ship reaches space station
IPOs bring enticing tax jackpot for California lawmakers
Stocks plunge on Trump's China trade threat
"Beware of spoilers! ""Game of Thrones"" fans undergo internet abstinence"
Harry and Meghan welcome their first royal baby
Meghan Markle gives birth to baby boy
"Why a form of dementia is ""commonly misdiagnosed"""
Royal baby bumps others in Britain's line of succession
House Judiciary Committee plans contempt hearing for Barr
"Michael Cohen reporting to one of ""cushiest prisons"" in U.S."
Why survival rates for deadly skin cancer are increasing
"Why a form of dementia that changes people's personalities is ""very commonly misdiagnosed"""
It's a boy! Meghan Markle gives birth to royal baby
Trump weighs in on Facebook's ban of extremist figures
Israel and Gaza reach possible cease-fire deal
"Michael Cohen reports to one of ""cushiest prisons"" in U.S."
"""What We Left Behind"": Documentary looks back at ""Star Trek: Deep Space Nine"""
"One million species facing extinction, U.N. report warns"
Trump honors U.S. Military Academy football team
"1 million species at risk of extinction, U.N. report warns"
U.S. consumers - not China - bear brunt of Trump's tariffs
Fact check: Is Trump right that the U.S. loses $500 billion in trade to China?
"""Jane the Virgin"" star Gina Rodriguez ties the knot"
What's happening this week in politics
Trump honors U.S. Military Academy football team in Rose Garden
Senator Cory Booker on what'd hed do for the U.S. economy
"Harry ""over the moon"" as Meghan gives birth to baby boy"
"Silicon Valley insider on how tech is ""downgrading humans"""
Tiny T. rex cousin identified 21 years after fossil discovery
Red Sox manager to skip White House visit over Puerto Rico hurricane response
"Passenger on jet that crashed into river: ""It was total chaos"""
"Service academy athletes might be able to delay duty to play sports, Trump says"
Stocks sink on Trump's China trade threat
Trump wants to let service academy athletes delay duty to turn pro
Chance the Rapper convinces Wendy's to bring back nuggets
Hudson's Bay weighing sale of struggling retailer Lord & Taylor
The Democratic presidential candidates the Trumps have donated to
"Service academy athletes may be able to delay duty to play pro sports, Trump says"
Prince Harry and Meghan welcome baby boy
"""Game of Thrones"" fans spot coffee cup and Twitter couldn't believe it"
Hundreds of ex-prosecutors say Trump would face charges if he were a private citizen
"""One Ring"" robocalling scam wants you to call back"
Desaparece avion privado que cubria ruta Las Vegas-Monterrey
"Royal wedding photographer on new book, royal baby"
Measles cases keep rising due to New York outbreaks
"Senator Cory Booker on Israel, Gaza and Trump's foreign policy"
Cease-fire between Israel and Gaza holding after deadly weekend
Ex-prosecutors say Trump would face charges if he wasn't president
Search for 2 missing pregnant women as due dates pass
"Uber, losing an average of 58 cents per ride, readies an IPO"
Bernie Sanders unveils agriculture plan in Iowa swing
Uber loses an average of 58 cents per ride
Ex-prosecutors say Trump would face charges if he weren't president
U.N.: 1 million species facing extinction
Cease-fire between Israel & Gaza holding
New report links Russian interference to voter suppression
"""Game of Thrones"" fans spot coffee cup; Twitter couldn't believe it"
Met Gala 2019: How to watch the 71st annual event
Tiger Woods receives Presidential Medal of Freedom at White House
"As aid stalls in Congress, California braces for more wildfires"
Tyson Foods sees benefits as swine fever ravages Chinese hog farms
Trump weighs in on Facebook extremist ban
Michael Cohen reporting to prison
"Georgia governor to sign anti-abortion ""heartbeat bill"""
Weather may be to blame in deadly Russian plane fire
Report finds more doctors stealing presciptions
"Top U.S. trade official accuses China of ""reneging"" on pledge"
Self-help guru to face sex cult accusations at NXIVM trial
Mnuchin rejects Democrats' demand for Trump's tax returns
Uber drivers offered 3 percent of IPO shares
U.S. sends USS Lincoln to Mideast to warn Iran
"""CBS Evening News"" headlines for Monday, May 6, 2019"
Trump's ex-attorney Michael Cohen reports to federal prison
Report: Doctors stealing more prescriptions
Kentucky Derby winner appeal rejected by racing commission
"More officers reported slain in 2018, FBI data shows"
"Doctors stealing more prescriptions, report finds"
Tiger Woods presented with Presidential Medal of Freedom
U.N. report warns 1 million plants and animals at risk of extinction
Cease-fire reached after days of violence near Gaza
Meghan Markle and Prince Harry welcome baby boy
Weather may be a factor in deadly Russian plane fire
