Lyle Shelton quits Australian Christian Lobby to enter politics
Las Vegas shooting: man charged with selling bullets to killer
Warnings as Trump administration hardens nuclear policy against Russia
NT chief justice weighs into scandal over youth judge's misconduct
Row over Northern Territory magistrate brings intervention from chief justice
Scientists discover ancient Mayan city hidden under Guatemalan jungle
Britain's imperial fantasies have given us Brexit - Gary Younge
Jeremy Corbyn pledges rebirth of 'municipal socialism' in the UK
Black Panther: does the Marvel epic solve Hollywood's Africa problem?
20 of Europe's best new hotels and hostels for 2018
Ridiculing Brexiters is a sure way to lose the argument for staying in the EU - Gary Younge
A letter to... the son we lost to heroin
Cape Town faces Day Zero: what happens when the city turns off the taps?
Day Zero: how Cape Town is running out of water
Actors are lining up to condemn Woody Allen. Why now?
Blind date: 'He probably thinks I'm a bit full-on'
Can I cook like ... Michelle Obama?
'He used to lash himself with his brush when he was angry': artists' models reveal all
Did you see the showering rat video? It explains why Trump won - Arwa Mahdawi
Oxford professor charged with raping two women
"'She said the boat's been found and he's not on it': Donald Crowhurst's final voyage, by his son"
Yotam Ottolenghi's recipes for using up leftover bread
"Lady Gaga cancels 10 concerts, suffering from 'severe pain'"
"'The boat's been found and he's not on it': tragic sailor Donald Crowhurst's final voyage, by his son"
My week as Bette Davis: 'My fierce brows are begging to be raised'
Archie Panjabi: 'An agent told me an Indian woman could never have a Hollywood career'
Meera Sodha's potato and cabbage curry - The New Vegan
Jacob Rees-Mogg involved in scuffle during university campus protest
Tory-run council runs out of money to meet obligations
My suffragette great-grandma would be proud and cross at councils - Gill Steward
Memo release is Trump's scramble to torch threats to himself - and his circle
"'I am not a symbol, I am an activist': the untold story of Coretta Scott King"
Margot Robbie: 'I asked my girlfriends what they'd been through. And they were angry'
The secret to tackling your child's bullying behaviour
Why the NFL player protests still matter
Burnley v Manchester City: Premier League - live!
Nabil Fekir and Lyon swagger into Monaco for battle of Ligue 1's tyros
LoseYube: Why online stars struggle on TV
Antony Beevor: why did Ukraine ban my book?
"Who is Carter Page, the Trump ex-adviser at the center of the memo furore?"
Trump releasing the Nunes memo is Nixonian - but today's GOP won't resist
Rees-Mogg accuses Treasury of 'fiddling' figures in Brexit report
Republican retreat: Trump and Pence hail wins but party faces growing threat
The Bold Type: a blemish-free face of 21st-century empowerment
Jay Ajayi: Londoner with chip on his shoulder chases Super Bowl glory
Julian Barnes on suburbia: 'I have no sense of a great Tufnell Park novel inside me'
"Why the Guardian is launching a new series, Europe Now"
'It'll go down to the wire': Eagles and Patriots fans on Super Bowl LII
Wales v Scotland: Six Nations - live!
Driver opens fire on African migrants in Italian city of Macerata
Rees-Mogg repeats claim Treasury is 'fiddling' Brexit figures
Dozens of academy schools need bailouts from taxpayers
"Manchester United v Huddersfield, Leicester v Swansea and more - live!"
50 Cent: 'Bankruptcy wasn't a big deal for me'
Thousands organize to defend Robert Mueller
Nunes memo release is Trump's attempt quell threats to him and his circle
Oklahoma lawmaker pushes bill for 'chemical castration' of sex offenders
Caravaggio killed a man. Should we therefore censor his art? - Svetlana Mintcheva
BlackRock wants to contribute to society. Why not tackle secret money? - Bruce F Freed and Karl J Sandstorm
What is the Nunes memo and why is it important?
Angus Robertson steps down as SNP deputy leader
Trump claims Nunes memo 'totally' vindicates him as FBI says 'talk is cheap'
"Warplane shot down in north-west Syria, opposition activists say"
"Super Bowl LII predictions: our writers pick the winner, MVP and players to watch"
Burnley's Gudmundsson punishes Manchester City for Sterling miss
France v Ireland: Six Nations - live!
Italy: African migrants shot and injured by driver in Macerata - video
Italy: failed Northern League candidate held over migrant shootings
Women are rising - and that makes me proud
"The good, the bad and the baffling: three big public-private contracts"
"After Carillion and Capita, is PFI itself on the critical list?"
Russian warplane shot down in north-west Syria
Arsenal v Everton: Premier League - live!
Alexis Sanchez off the mark to help Manchester United sink Huddersfield
Water crisis in Cape Town as 'day zero' approaches - video report
Philippe Chancel's rockabilly rebels
What is the Nunes memo about and why is it important?
Uma Thurman breaks silence on Harvey Weinstein
Hawaii worker who sent missile alert was '100% sure' attack was real
"Justice department: Mueller inquiry lawful, Manafort suit lacks merit"
Arsenal 5-1 Everton: Premier League - as it happened
Johnny Sexton's stunning drop goal snatches win for Ireland over France
Wales and Leigh Halfpenny rip apart Scotland's Six Nations ambitions
Nunes memo release is Trump's attempt to quell threats to him and his circle
Dangerous little things: how I learned the importance of protest at an Indian university
Arsenal's Aaron Ramsey goes on hat-trick rampage against Everton
Border treaty blamed for Calais migrant surge that has led to violence
North Carolina governor seeks offshore drilling exemption in Zinke meeting
Ireland divided as vote on abortion tests faith and the old order
Plan to save Europe's synagogues receives high-profile backing
New wave of Afghans seek a way out as fear grips Kabul
Nigel Bromage - the former neo-Nazi fighting the far-right's message of hate
"Marx bicentenary to be marked by exhibitions, books - and pub crawls"
MoD 'in chaos' over drone use outside of war zones
'Treacherous Treasury' claims signal a new target for hard-Brexiters
Resentful in Redcar: 'We made the finest steel in the world - now we make lattes'
Labor promises to cap health insurance premium rises at 2% for two years
Brexit attacks on civil service 'are worthy of 1930s Germany'
Fix the NHS: Protesters rally in London to call for government action
