My life in sex: 'I'm a very sexual person who rarely has sex'
Microsoft's latest Xbox raises the game
UK considers tax on single-use plastics to tackle ocean pollution
Sir Malcom Rifkind quits Friends of Russia group over Chris Bryant photo
Peter Carey: 'You wake up in the morning and you are the beneficiary of a genocide'
Penis in the sky: US navy pilots grounded over 'obscene' drawing
Trump postpones decision on allowing import of elephant parts
Germany bans children's 'smart' watches over surveillance concerns
"Bennelong byelection race too close to call, poll shows"
'It's a delicate place': Nasa captures 20 years of Earth's seasonal changes - video
Irish Catholic priest urges Christians to abandon the word Christmas
Nato apologises to Turkey after Erdogan and Ataturk appear on 'enemy chart'
Nasa map of Earth's seasons over 20 years highlights climate change
Nigeria's bobsled women's team on brink of Winter Olympics dream
'Unrivalled helmsman?' We read Chinese media's enormous ode to Xi so you don't have to
Bennelong byelection race too close to call as Bernardi signals interest
How Toto Riina's war on the Italian state almost destroyed Cosa Nostra
Generation Mugabe: 'he has normalised the abnormal'
'Lies galore': Nicholls attacks Palaszczuk as Queensland campaign heats up
"'More girls, fewer skinheads': Poland's far right wrestles with changing image"
Taylor Wessing prize: who is the man in the photograph?
'Unrivalled helmsman'? We read Chinese media's enormous ode to Xi so you don't have to
Country diary: pines that went to Passchendaele
Penis in the sky: US navy pilots grounded over 'obscene' stunt
Tracking Trump: president tries his best to befriend Kim Jong-un
Manus Island: AMA calls on Australia to let doctors help refugees
"I'm a Greggs pastry, get me out of here!"
Syria chemical attacks: Haley calls Russia 'shameful' after it vetoes UN inquiry
Blind date: 'There was more chemistry in a GCSE English exam'
What happens when you fall in love across the religious divide?
Richard Ratcliffe: 'I have no space for rage. But our government has not been entirely honest'
"Trump's Panama tower used for money-laundering by condo owners, reports say"
Easter Island candidate puts self-rule on ballot in Chile election
"A letter to ... my perfectionist parents, who tried to mould me in their image"
10 ways to help the parent of a child with autism
Zimbabwe: huge protest begins as Mugabe runs low on options
Cory Bernardi: No campaign against same-sex marriage was 'extraordinary success'
EU and me: writers reminisce on their relationship with Europe
'Leave Zimbabwe now': thousands of protesters call for Robert Mugabe to go
Polluting UK coal plants export power to France as cold weather bites
I've seen how exclusive the fashion world is. Can the new Vogue change that?
What I'm really thinking: the owner of a 'dangerous' dog
Warwick Davis: 'My superpower? Flight'
"Fever Ray: on pleasure, patriarchy and political revolution"
Cory Bernardi attempts positive spin on lost campaign against same-sex marriage
King's Cross fire victims honoured 30 years on
'It tears every part of your life away': the truth about male infertility
Jeremy Lee's recipe for fudge-topped chocolate brownies
Drug traffickers taught the rich how to hide money in tax havens - Roberto Saviano
"By knowing how abusers like Kevin Spacey work, we can root them out - Deborah Orr"
Autumn budget 2017: a sneak peak inside the chancellor's red box ...
America's response to school massacres? A booming classroom security industry
Why she killed herself: a film-maker's painful search for meaning in her sister's belongings
Richard Leonard voted Scottish Labour leader
Cross-party MPs request urgent non-partisan debate on future of NHS
"Up to 75,000 benefit claimants were underpaid for years"
Don't forget your film-maker: wealthy families' latest holiday hired help
Autumn budget 2017: a sneak peek inside the chancellor's red box ...
'We are going to take our Zimbabwe back': protesters call for Mugabe to go - video
Who wins and loses in Trump's tax plan?
Giant airship comes loose in UK
Arsenal v Tottenham Hotspur: Premier League - live!
Lords push for children to be protected against tech giants by law
Protesters in Zimbabwe call for Mugabe to step down - in pictures
"I help children cope, but too many are being failed as the system crumbles"
Dispatch from Alabama: 'Roy Moore plays into the stereotypes the rest of the world has about us'
The Resistance Now: activists plan to protest the Republican tax bill
Roger Federer v David Goffin: ATP World Tour Finals semi-final - live!
Lords push for new regulations to protect children online
Arsenal 2-0 Tottenham Hotspur: Premier League - live!
"Leicester v Manchester City, Liverpool v Southampton and more - live!"
AC/DC co-founder Malcolm Young dies aged 64
Life in the shadow of Grenfell: the tower next door
'Leave Zimbabwe now': Harare protests reach Mugabe's residence
Alexis Sanchez caps win over Tottenham as Arsenal dominate derby
Alexis Sanchez caps dominant derby win for Arsenal over Tottenham
Hundreds volunteer for Gaia Pope search in Dorset
"Leicester v Manchester City, West Brom v Chelsea and more - live!"
US navy pilots grounded after drawing penis in the sky  - video
Richard Leonard wins Scottish Labour leadership in decisive victory
"West Brom v Chelsea, Liverpool v Southampton and more - live!"
Roger Federer v David Goffin: ATP World Tour Finals semi in final set - live!
I've seen how exclusive the fashion world is. Can the new Vogue change that? - Hadley Freeman
David Goffin rocks Roger Federer to reach ATP World Tour Finals final - as it happened
Can Trump spare us his outrage on sexual harassment? - Jessica Valenti
Diasporhahaha! How Fresh Off the Boat reshaped sitcom convention
"Hammond's budget big five: cuts, pay, housing, roads and students"
Zimbabwe's ruling party expected to sack Robert Mugabe on Sunday
Cowboys owner Jerry Jones apologizes for racially insensitive remark in video
Ohio governor candidate criticised for boasting of sexual history with '50 very attractive females'
"Leicester 0-2 Manchester City, West Brom 0-4 Chelsea and more - live!"
"Leicester 0-2 Manchester City, West Brom 0-4 Chelsea and more - as it happened"
States of disgrace: strange American laws - in pictures
Helicopter pilot killed in mid-air crash named as Mike Green
Zimbabwe: Mugabe's grip on power appears close to collapse
Manchester United v Newcastle United: Premier League - live!
Mohamed Salah hits double to help Liverpool cruise past Southampton
Manchester City sink Leicester with Kevin de Bruyne super strike
Maverick fashion designer Azzedine Alaia dies aged 77
How algorithms are pushing the tech giants into the danger zone
Roger Federer's season ends in shock defeat by David Goffin at ATP Finals
Malcolm Young obituary
"Voters still trust Tories with the economy over Labour, poll shows"
Manchester United 4-1 Newcastle United: Premier League - live!
Atletico Madrid v Real Madrid: La Liga - live!
One to watch: Rex Orange County
Manchester United's Paul Pogba returns in style to cut down Newcastle
Murder investigation begins after woman found stabbed in north London
"Greg Gianforte misled police after assault of Guardian journalist, incident report shows"
Palestinians vow to suspend talks if US closes diplomatic office in Washington
"Greg Gianforte misled police after assault of Guardian journalist, records show"
Syria: at least 14 civilians killed in air strikes by government forces
Police 'confident' body found in hunt for Gaia Pope is missing teenager
'This is our second independence day - we want a new Zimbabwe'
My granddaughter will be 35 in 2050. I grieve that she will know silent and empty places - Christine Milne
"MPs defend fees of up to LON$1,000 an hour to appear on 'Kremlin propaganda' channel"
"I was a dad at 17, now I'm a grandad at 40 - it saved my life"
"This is redistribution for Zimbabwe's elite, not revolution in a ruined nation - Jason Burke"
Northcote byelection: Greens' Lidia Thorpe takes Melbourne seat from Labor
David Cassidy 'conscious' after being hospitalised with organ failure
Harvey Weinstein had secret hitlist of names to quash sex scandal
Upsurge in big earthquakes predicted for 2018 as Earth rotation slows
First child refugee from Greek camps comes to UK
Britain First deputy arrested over speech made at Belfast rally
Gerry Adams steps down as Sinn Fein president
ATP Finals: Goffin shocks Federer to set up title showdown with Dimitrov
