Trump meets with Illinois congressman who deployed to border
Tulane student killed by flying tires at highway rest stop
"Woman, homeless man in GoFundMe scheme plead guilty"
"N.C. woman with 2 children in car is shot, killed by other driver"
"Claims of affair, leaked emails roil a Maine city's government"
A Miss. man allegedly shot and killed his wife and 2 others after she tried to stop him from driving drunk
A different kind of freshman marks Pelosi's new majority
McSally says a superior officer raped her when in Air Force
"In Senate hearing, McSally says she was raped in Air Force"
McSally says in Senate hearing she was raped in Air Force
Fox News host commends Gayle King 'after Smollett fiasco.' Problem: That was Robin Roberts.
The world's last Blockbuster has no plans to close. Here's why it's still open.
"Marty Walsh to propose 20 mph limit in neighborhoods and new Uber, Lyft pickup sites"
"Surveillance cameras, suitcases, and billionaires: How an investigation into massage parlors unfolded in Florida"
"'Freak thing': 115 mph 'extreme' gust rattles Bahamas-bound cruise ship, injuring passengers"
Fox News host commends Gayle King 'after Smollett fiasco.' Problem: That wasn't her.
Martha McSally says in Senate hearing she was raped in Air Force
"Michael Cohen sought Trump pardon, attorney says"
House set to vote on anti-hate resolution Thursday
Robert Kraft will have to appear in court later this month
The Latest: Pelosi says Omar unaware of Israel words impact
Melania Trump recognizes women of courage around the world
Justice Department targeting scams against older people
General says Islamic State a 'serious generational problem'
"Amid Dems' turmoil, House to vote on anti-hate resolution"
Robert Kraft's lawyer says he won't have to appear at court hearing later this month
The Latest: Senators interested in re-interviewing Trump Jr.
The Latest: Governor: McSally showed 'courage and bravery'
'We're losing our night sky faster than the national average in our area because of development'
Pelosi: House to condemn 'forms of hatred' after Omar words
Farmer patience on tariffs comes with caution flag for Trump
The Latest: Waters vows to undo work of Mulvaney at CFPB
Consumer watchdog agency and its leadership under scrutiny
The Latest: Trump disappointed by NKorean missile reports
"Trump, Czech Prime Minister Babis hold talks in Oval Office"
"The Latest: Measure condemns anti-Semitism, anti-Muslim bias"
A N.J. man bought a $237 million winning ticket. He initially forgot it at the store.
"'Daddy, no!': What Christopher Watts told investigators in his prison confession"
Lagarde: IMF ready to help rescue Venezuelan economy
"Trump, Czech Prime Minister Babis have much in common"
24 senators ask Trump to protect Venezuelans in US
Meghan McCain and 'Queer Eye' star Bobby Berk fight over Green New Deal on Twitter. Because 2019.
Consumer borrowing up in January with credit card rebound
"Pentagon may tap military pay, pensions for border wall"
Vermont town elects goat as honorary mayor
Wife of missing ex-FBI agent blames Iran but critical of US
The Latest: Official: US still believes it can forge NK deal
Ayanna Pressley and Elizabeth Warren come to Ilhan Omar's defense in wake of Israel criticism
