Ayanna Pressley and Lori Trahan were sworn in. Here's what happened.
The Latest: 2 GOP women seated on Senate Judiciary panel
Fatal shooting of Minnesota Marine in DC not homicide
"In the end, 15 Democrats don't back Pelosi for speaker"
The Latest: Democrats return Pelosi to House speaker's post
Newly empowered House Dems pass funding plan without wall
Trump refers to many walls as he fights for border money
House Democrats urge sweeping reforms to boost voting access
A strong jobs report could provide reassurance on economy
Impeachment? Trump says he's too successful for that
Pompeo's Mideast trip comes on heels of Trump Syria decision
Trump says Democrats' impeachment talk is 2020 ploy
Signs of GOP unease over shutdown ahead of White House talks
The Latest: Michigan Dem uses vulgarity to describe Trump
"Rashida Tlaib profanely promises to impeach Trump, and she's not sorry"
"US employers added a stellar 312,000 jobs in December"
Jim McGovern is overhauling the House rules. Here's what you need to know about the changes
Impeachment now? Trump spins Democrats' talk as 2020 ploy
The Latest: Pelosi doesn't like new Dem lawmaker's profanity
US officials head to Mideast amid tension over Syria pullout
Signs of GOP unease over shutdown as White House talks start
AP FACT CHECK: Trump's Afghan history lesson goes astray
Powell says he would reject any Trump request to resign
US employers went on a hiring spree in December: 312K jobs
"Pelosi doesn't want to talk impeachment, but some Dems do"
"House Dems urge sweeping reforms to boost voting, ethics"
US says airstrike targeted militant tied to USS Cole bombing
Dem-led House moves to join health care law case
The Latest: Trump doesn't think shutdown will last years
Watchdog group urges probe of Ivanka Trump tax break role
The Latest: Trump says he could use executive power on wall
The Latest: Trump says Dem dishonored herself with profanity
US employers went on a surprising hiring spree in December
Police: 5 teenage girls killed in Poland 'Escape Room' fire
This Harvard grad is the first 'Dreamer' to win a Rhodes scholarship. But he now fears he won't be able to return to the U.S.
Dems to push gun control on anniversary of Giffords shooting
Welcome to the jungle: New Dems get early political lesson
A video of Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez dancing at BU was meant as a smear. It backfired.
Congresswoman displays transgender pride flag outside office
The Latest: Trump administration looks to prevent pay freeze
Is the media's Elizabeth Warren coverage repeating the same mistakes of 2016?
AP FACT CHECK: Trump's false claim about drug smuggling
Jailed American spent years collecting Russian contacts
Shutdown spares federal park rangers at site in Trump hotel
