Facebook's privacy problems: a roundup
UN urged to seek Australia-based Hakeem al-Araibi's freedom from Thai jail
'It's what makes the city your city': Sydney's battle for public art
US federal judge rules Obama healthcare law unconstitutional
French authorities investigate why Strasbourg attacker wasn't stopped
Australia recognises West Jerusalem as Israel's capital but holds back on embassy move
A youth activist on the climate crisis: politicians won't save us - Victoria Barrett
Mike Pompeo says China should free two Canadians held after Huawei executive's arrest
'Beware the affluence of gold': on reading Diderot in the age of Trump
"Is Emma Coronel the devoted wife of El Chapo, or is she being used as a prop?"
India: eleven die after eating 'toxic' rice at temple
Beloved Freddie Frinton skit to air on UK TV for first time
Four quick and easy Christmas dessert recipes
Barbara Taylor Bradford: 'Why would I stop working? I live by schedules'
How would a second Brexit referendum work?
'It gives you hope': the fight to save the fertility of children with cancer
Can our names inspire our choices in life?
It's the year that celebrities were held to account. But what happens next? - Hadley Freeman
Klopp and Liverpool sense chance to inflict killer blow on Mourinho - Barney Ronay
"My year of reading African women, by Gary Younge"
Dozens injured in Lisbon tram crash
"Legal plastic content in animal feed could harm human health, experts warn"
UK weather: rare freezing rain and black ice to test Christmas shoppers
Newcastle man charged with planning act of terrorism
Tram derailment injures dozens in Lisbon - video
Reasons to worry? Trump endures turbulent week - with signs of worse to come
Bishops pray for politicians' integrity amid Brexit turmoil
Speak to Guardian and Observer journalists staffing our charity telethon lines
Gilets jaunes protesters turn out in Paris for fifth weekend
Public transit system in Washington DC struggles with privatization
"Harsh terrain of Mexico border used 'as a weapon' by US, campaigners say"
'Our faith will be lost if we adopt technology': can the Amish resist the modern world?
Can a sleepless night awaken creativity?
Are the holidays really the hardest time of year? The stats are surprising
Don't blame democracy's decline on ignorance. The problem lies deeper - Cas Mudde
Manchester City v Everton: Premier League - live!
Sri Lanka's PM resigns in effort to ease constitutional crisis
Ukrainian priests rile Moscow with moves to set up independent Orthodox Church
Gilets jaunes protesters clash with Paris riot police - video
UN climate change talks avoid contentious issues in draft agreement
New York police say video of baby wrenched from mother's arms is not whole story
Ambitious elf woos theatrical agents with Christmas dance
'Things must change': DRC hopes for fresh start as election looms
"As Mueller's inquiry deepens, is the net closing in on Trump?"
Embattled interior secretary Ryan Zinke steps down after series of scandals
Prada pulls figurines that resembled blackface from New York store
Ruth Bader Ginsburg: the soft-spoken justice turned pop culture icon
Death of Guatemalan migrant girl highlights hardline border policy
Manchester City 3-1 Everton: Premier League - live!
"Tottenham v Burnley, Huddersfield v Newcastle and more: clockwatch - live!"
Police face first 'super-complaint' over immigration referrals
"Gilets jaunes resume protests, clash with Paris riot police - video"
Fate of Obama's health law set to be decided by supreme court - again
Judge who ruled against ACA has blocked other Obama policies
Huawei affair reveals superpowers' imperial rules of engagement
To a man with an algorithm all things look like an advertising opportunity - Arwa Mahdawi
Raheem Sterling finishes off Everton to put Manchester City on top
A New Year message from the edge of the solar system
The search for my inner 'hero': a modern masculinity retreat
Fate of Obama's health law set to be decided by supreme court again
No casualties after large fire breaks out at Chester zoo
Large fire causes evacuation of Chester zoo
Video shows Trump's next chief of staff calling him 'terrible human being'
"Tottenham 1-0 Burnley, Huddersfield 0-1 Newcastle and more: clockwatch - live!"
Gilets jaunes protesters take to the streets of Paris for fifth weekend
Ukraine riles Moscow as it announces head of new independent Orthodox church
Body of newborn baby found on Irish beach
Mick Mulvaney calls Trump 'terrible human being' in 2016  - video
Nicaragua police raid and ransack top journalist's offices
"Tottenham 1-0 Burnley, Huddersfield 0-1 Newcastle: clockwatch - as it happened"
Three-year-old boy dies after being struck by car in Co Down
Brexit: the darkest hour - cartoon
"Yes, I'm a trustee of English Heritage. And I want the Benin bronzes returned - David Olusoga"
Court cites Dr Seuss's The Lorax in rebuke to US Forest Service
"David Baddiel: 'I'm unable, when I write a children's book, not to have a bit of toilet stuff'"
Storm Deirdre batters Britain with gales and snow
Labor to unveil $6.6bn affordable housing plan at national conference
'He will bring light into our darkness': DR Congo pins hope on a new leader
Brexit: where the hell do we go from here?
How can a sport worth billions spend just a pittance on fighting racism? - Daniel Taylor
Brexit deadlock 'is blocking vital domestic policy reforms'
Anger grows after death of Guatemalan migrant girl held in US
Youth internship scheme failing despite $2.5m advertising blitz
"'If you can run, you can do anything': why over 65s are at park"
Progress and problems as UN climate change talks end with a deal
David Hurley to be named next governor general of Australia
"Labor national conference, day one - politics live"
Hundreds of trafficked children 'lost' by local authorities
