Tigers kill Italian tamer as parliament mulls ban on circus animals
Trump says he's considering executive order to force census question - as it happened
Judge accuses Australia of putting relationship with Nauru before the law
"Eva Kor, survivor of Mengele, dies during annual trip to Auschwitz"
Man in south Wales jailed for abusing 150 children online
"Toilet paper is getting less sustainable, researchers warn"
Donald Trump wants to be a dictator. It's not enough just to laugh at him - Jonathan Freedland
"Blood, sex and needlework: Game of Thrones recreated in 90-metre tapestry"
Irish family of sick boy classed as tax 'burden' allowed to stay in Australia
6.9 magnitude aftershock rattles southern California
Chinese city's ban on 'Beijing bikinis' leaves men hot under collar
Magid Magid: 'If you try to be everyone's cup of tea you might as well be a mug'
Dubai: Princess Haya's flight to UK threatens diplomatic crisis
Avoid playgrounds and eat the last biscuit: how to keep your sense of self as a parent
Blind date: 'There was little leeway for a two-way conversation'
7.1 magnitude aftershock rattles southern California
'We put our bodies through hell and back':  behind the scenes with the stars of the Women's World Cup
How Fox News conquered Facebook
Inside the Luxembourg free port storing riches for the super-wealthy
Ethical investing: a solar scheme with the power to change lives
'Most prisoners want to work' - the shop where inmates' crafts fill the shelves
"'Leading the country': South Australia to ban plastic cutlery, straws and stirrers"
"The art of the political sketch: 'These days,  it's a form of truth-telling'"
Solar power: how investing can help to change lives
Pride in London organisers fend off pinkwashing claims
Notes from a Hollywood divorce: 'We had a primal connection. But we hung by a thread for years'
Protest in Bury over death by drowning of 12-year-old Shukri Yahya Abdi
Divided America on display during Fourth of July events - video report
Iran says it is ready to enrich uranium beyond nuclear deal levels
Erdogan fires Turkey's bank governor amid ongoing recession
Ex-MI6 chief: UK going through 'political nervous breakdown'
"The Battle for People's Park, Berkeley 1969: when Vietnam came home"
William Jackson Harper on 2019's scariest film: 'Midsommar's a microcosm for humanity'
USA's formidable women's team is no accident. It's a product of public policy - Moira Donegan
Alaska's governor is trying to destroy its universities. The state may never recover - Cas Mudde
Tour de France 2019: stage one - live
Pride in London 2019: marchers to celebrate 50 years since Stonewall - live
Botswana government to appeal against law legalising gay sex
Andy Murray: 'I went from world No 1 to not being able to walk'
Tory members sent 'multiple ballots' for leadership vote
California braced for more after 7.1 magnitude aftershock
Coal tycoon Chris Cline and six others die in Bahamas helicopter crash
"Wimbledon 2019: Federer, Nadal and Serena Williams in action, Kvitova through - live!"
Flying Dutch take remarkable rise to the final frontier against USA
David Nicholls: 'Could I write a book that had no love story? I don't know if I'd want to'
"Ten years ago, I thought Britain was becoming more tolerant. I was wrong"
Senior female Asian police officer sues Met for discrimination
7.1 magnitude earthquake in California rocks buildings - video
California braced for more aftershocks after 7.1 magnitude earthquake
Are you really the 'real' you?
I failed my driving test six times in 2005 alone. Exactly why have I bought a car? - Grace Dent
LA Clippers set for spectacular haul of Kawhi Leonard and Paul George
"Wimbledon 2019: Barty v Dart, Serena Williams v Gorges, Murray and more - live!"
Ricardo Gareca bids to join rare group by leading Peru to Copa America title - Jonathan Wilson
From Big Little Lies to Love Island: are memes shaping TV?
Pride in London 2019: 'I want everyone to march together' - live
How to grow your own medicine cabinet - Alys Fowler
Coming up daisies: why floral prints are the hottest trend this summer
'Wonderful man and great Republican': Chris Cline dies in helicopter crash
Players tell themselves the World Cup final is just another game. They're wrong - Hope Solo
"Wimbledon 2019: Serena Williams and Barty through, Murray in action and more - live!"
Gloria Gaynor: 'The Holy Spirit grabbed me by the collar in 1985'
"Wimbledon 2019: Tsonga v Nadal, Stephens v Konta, Murray in action and more - live!"
UK mobile operators ignore security fears over Huawei 5G
China looks at Britain and sees only weakness and hypocrisy - Simon Tisdall
Kevin Spacey questioned over UK sex assault allegations
Everyone's going to the moon again. But why?
Britain's story of empire is based on myth. We need to know the truth - Priyamvada Gopal
England v Sweden: Women's World Cup third-place play-off - live!
"Wimbledon 2019: Tsonga v Nadal, Stephens v Konta, Murray in doubles and more - live!"
'Finland's Munch': the unnerving art of Helene Schjerfbeck
"Tim Dowling: I'm American, I can handle a heatwave. Right?"
Transmission: from the Sea of Tranquility to planet Earth
The living hell of  children trapped in Dhaka's brothels
Boris Johnson faces questions over 'arguably racist' comments
Cori Gauff's astonishing rise wins a million hearts at Wimbledon
"Wimbledon 2019: Konta and Nadal through, Murray out of men's doubles - live!"
Mike Teunissen pips Peter Sagan to line in Tour de France stage one photo finish
Alison Klayman: 'Bannon's into the Great Man theory of history and he's certain he's one of those great men'
Bold and brave: design in a rental house
Northern Ireland terrorism police arrest man and woman
Megan Rapinoe attacks Fifa over World Cup schedule clash and prize money
US peace envoy hails latest talks with Taliban as 'most productive' to date
First images released of Archie Mountbatten-Windsor's christening
"In accusing all creeps of gaslighting, we dishonour the real victims of it - Barbara Ellen"
"Wimbledon 2019: Pouille v Federer, Sousa v Evans, Nadal through and more - live!"
Edinburgh gives female medical students their degrees - 150 years late
North Korea accuses released Australian student of spying
Goal lines: sketches of the Women's World Cup - in pictures
Pride in London: many thousands take to the streets to celebrate LGBT rights - video
Pride in London parade - in pictures
California governor declares state of emergency after second earthquake
Twenty hurt in gas explosion at Florida shopping plaza
National Theatre defends asking lesbians to leave bar
"In accusing all creeps of gaslighting, we dishonour the real victims - Barbara Ellen"
Sweden beat England to Women's World Cup bronze with help from VAR
Book clinic: how can I get my teenage daughter back into books?
Annual Pamplona bull-run festival begins amid fireworks and protests
CPS cancels meeting on rape victims' phone data due to legal action
"Exit Boris Johnson, pursued by a fox - cartoon"
When 'respectable' conservatives bow to the far right it's always disastrous - Nick Cohen
Everyone's going back to the moon. But why?
"Wimbledon 2019: Murray and Williams in doubles, Sousa v Evans - live!"
Second migrant rescue boat defies Salvini and docks in Italy
"This year's Pride biggest yet, claim march organisers"
Man arrested over stabbing of woman and three children in north London
Scottish secretary warns Johnson: no-deal Brexit could split UK
Kamala Harris and Joe Biden head for South Carolina clash
Row as lesbian group asked to leave National Theatre bar
"Wimbledon 2019: Sousa v Evans, Murray and Williams win in doubles - live!"
Mike Teunissen pips Peter Sagan in Tour de France stage one photo finish
Megan Rapinoe attacks Fifa: 'A terrible idea to put everything on the same day' - video
Joe Biden apologises for remarks about segregationist senators
Fears grow over Boris Johnson win as Hunt challenge fades
'Massive explosion' at Florida shopping plaza leaves 21 injured
USA's band of sisters have used their unity to gain a crucial edge
"Wimbledon 2019 - Murray and Williams win, Evans loses five-set thriller - as it happened"
Labor can't appear to ignore economic wellbeing over ideological values - David Hetherington
The changing landscape of the Antarctic - in pictures
Brexit must work for the whole UK to see off Scottish nationalism - David Mundell
Wimbledon 2019: Dan Evans goes down to Joao Sousa in five-set thriller - as it happened
Brazilian musician Joao Gilberto dies aged 88
Iran will enrich uranium in a further breach of the nuclear deal
The withdrawal agreement bill is the only game in town - Labour must back it - Stephen Kinnock
Secret plan to use charities to help deport rough sleepers
Joao Gilberto obituary
Cory Bernardi on the painful death of the Australian Conservatives
Bob Hawke's childhood home to be bought by government
Stephen Kinnock: Corbyn should order MPs to back May's Brexit deal
Labour 'needs new system' for antisemitism complaints
