"The private life of Sgt. La David Johnson, the slain soldier ensnared in a Trump controversy"
A Mississippi elementary school named after Confederate president will be renamed for Barack Obama
"Michael Flynn, Nicki Minaj shared content from this Tennessee GOP account. But it wasn't real. It was Russian."
Australian govt pushes easier language test for new citizens
New Zealanders expected to learn governing coalition
Republican Senate candidate Roy Moore says kneeling during the anthem is against the law
"Monument of love, the Taj Mahal, at heart of political storm"
Guatemala court overturns warning to UN official
"At a Mississippi elementary school, Jefferson Davis is out and Barack Obama is in"
We've ID'd the mystery woman in those Melania-Trump-impostor rumors. (It's Melania Trump.)
They tried to deny Richard Spencer a platform. Now the University of Florida is bracing for his speech
China's economic growth rate slips to 6.8 percent in quarter ending in September from previous quarter's 6.9 percent
They tried to deny Richard Spencer a platform. Now the University of Florida is bracing for his speech.
"Fire nearly destroys luxury Myanmar hotel, at least 1 dead"
Malaysian militant believed among fighters killed in Marawi
"Fire rips through luxury Myanmar hotel, 1 body recovered"
Explosion at firecracker factory in India kills 8 workers
"Recovery, reconstruction go slowly after Mexico earthquake"
The North Korean capital looks great from the sky (just as the Kim regime wants)
Fact Check: Have insurance companies profited from Obamacare?
Get ready for the smoke and mirrors of Putin 2018
"From the skies, the North Korean capital looks just like the Potemkin village the Kim regime wants it to be"
Turkish businessman and activist detained by police
President Trump's false claim that insurance companies 'have made a fortune' from Obamacare
Catalan leader faces looming deadline to end secession bid
"After Obama, Israel's Netanyahu relishing in Trump love fest"
Uncertainty as Mideast turns a page with IS defeat in Raqqa
Report blames pilot for fatal Dubai gyrocopter crash in 2015
The Latest: Jacinda Ardern to be New Zealand's next leader
New Zealand gets liberal govt led by Ardern month after vote
"Taliban storm base with suicide car bombs, killing 43 Afghan soldiers"
"Abe offers stability - and in Japan, that's sufficient"
Former French intelligence chief to testify at terror trial
US envoy: Hamas must disarm to join Palestinian government
"Missouri v. Celia, a Slave: She killed the white master raping her, then claimed self-defense"
Iranian authorities bar reformist ex-president from meeting
"Taliban attack army camp in southern Afghanistan, killing 43"
"Taliban storm army base with suicide car bombs, killing 43 Afghan soldiers"
Pakistan's former prime minister Nawaz Sharif indicted on corruption charges linked to Panama Papers
5 months of Marawi siege reveals Philippine city in ruins
Turkey could close border with Iraqi Kurds 'at any moment'
Evidence presented in Kim's killing hasn't ruffled defense
Spain calls Cabinet meeting after Catalan leader's threat
The Latest: Ardern says its 'honor and a privilege' to lead
Pakistan's ex-premier Sharif indicted on corruption charges
Spain threatens to take over Catalonia's government as constitutional crisis looms
"Taliban storms army base with suicide car bombs, killing 43 Afghan soldiers"
Former Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif indicted on corruption charges
Hangman's job in Zimbabwe gets 'flood' of applications
Roy Moore on kneeling during the anthem: 'It's against the law'
"The rise of a world power that seeks 'total control,' and 4 other stories you might have missed"
Mexico's presidential candidates include a Hillary wannabe and a guy promising better soccer
Ardern to lead New Zealand liberal government
Sons of slain journalist call for Malta leader's resignation
"When power protects: In Hollywood and politics, a history of hiding abuse"
New Yves Saint Laurent museum opens in Marrakech
Kurdish female militia vows to keep fighting Islamic State
The Trump White House's utterly unmoored week
British retail sales slip amid household income squeeze
Jihadist ambush on US forces shows new danger in Sahel
Rights group chides Poland for 'harassment' of protesters
Kenya police disperse demonstrators despite court order
Facebook knocks down Thai PM's claim of Zuckerberg meeting
Spain ready to revoke Catalan autonomy amid independence bid
"Like Trump, Europe's leaders must also tread delicately when consoling the families of the fallen"
2 arrested in northern Greece on Macedonian wiretap charges
Grace Mugabe goes to court over diamond ring
The Daily 202: What Jeff Sessions wouldn't say was more revealing than what he did
This new poll shows that populism doesn't stem from people's economic distress
Trump and the NFL are both winning - and losing - this culture war
"After Harvey Weinstein, Hollywood assistants urged to break culture of silence"
More conflicts loom after Islamic State defeat in Raqqa
Move over America. China now presents itself as the model 'blazing a new trail' for the world.
East Timor government suffers defeat in parliamentary vote
Propaganda in China means heavily scripted news conferences
Albanian police seize 4 tons of cannabis and arrest 3
"Taliban attacks kill 58, nearly wipe out Afghan army camp"
Rejected Ghanaian asylum-seeker convicted of rape in Germany
"U.S., Israel balk at Palestinian reconciliation, insisting Hamas must disarm"
The battles both Trump and the NFL have won in this culture war
The Trump White House is unmoored
The Latest: Germany criticizes Israeli settlement plans
Iraqi court issues arrest warrant for Kurdish vice president
The Finance 202: Democrats want to make budget vote all about GOP's tax headaches
"Almost half of D.C. children have suffered a traumatic experience, according to first-ever federal survey"
"A woman's dog died, and doctors say her heart literally broke"
The Latest: Report: Saudi official visits Syria's Raqqa
"Amid protest, Polish government to raise health care budget"
The Health 202: Obamacare's 2018 rates are already baked
'I've never had a year so bad': How Modi's big economic changes have hit India's small businesses
May calls for urgency in Brexit talks as she joins EU summit
Buzz off? German study finds dramatic insect decline
How fake news helped shape the Catalonia independence vote
"Move over, America. China now presents itself as the model 'blazing a new trail' for the world."
Turkey seeks Nigeria's support against US-based cleric
German authorities investigating passenger jet flyby
The Energy 202: Western wildfires spark compromise on firefighting in Washington
AP PHOTOS: A chaotic month in Spain's Catalonia region
A few militants fight on in Philippine city ripped to shreds
Marburg hemorrhagic fever kills 1 person in Uganda
Trump suggests FBI may have 'paid for' dossier alleging Russia ties
Merkel wants EU aid cut to Turkey for democratic backsliding
"'Saw nothing but fire': While he was helping others evacuate, his home burned down"
Schumer lays out Democrats' path to opposing the GOP's budget
Pakistan extends militant leader's house arrest for 30 days
The Latest: White House envoy heads to Egypt
Trump's unmoored week shows just how aimless he is
"When this groom got married, he also exchanged vows with the bride's sister, who has Down syndrome"
Appeals court to review judge's order allowing abortion for undocumented teen immigrant
Security forces prevent Iran's popular ex-president from leaving his home: report
"When this groom got married, he also exchanged vows with the bride's sister. Here's why"
British Film Institute strips Harvey Weinstein of his fellowship honor
Spain gears up to revoke Catalan autonomy in secession spat
Tanzania arrests 12 suspected of promoting homosexuality
Tourist killed by falling masonry in Florence church
Video released of Mali troops held by al-Qaida-linked group
The Latest: Al-Qaida's Syria affiliate airs video of leader
"Almost half of D.C. children have suffered a traumatic experience, according to federal survey"
"The Latest: Syria's Assad, visiting Iran general hold talks"
Hundreds of Israeli ultra-Orthodox Jews protest army draft
Putin warns against cornering North Korea
Albanian prosecutor seeks to lift former minister's immunity
MH17 investigators appeal for information about Buk photo
How much the government has given the family of a fallen soldier since 1908
"Making sense of Russia, uranium and Hillary Clinton"
A Texas congresswoman said women are just as responsible for preventing sexual assault
Philando Castile was shot by a police officer. An effort to pay kids' lunch debt now carries his name.
Lulu the dog flunked out of CIA bomb-sniffer school because she just didn't care
The Latest: Putin says Russia will adhere to arms treaty
AP PHOTOS: Indians mark Diwali amid pollution concerns
Former French intelligence chief testifies at terror trial
George W. Bush's unmistakable takedown of Trumpism - and Trump
"In the military, trusted officers became alleged assailants in sex crimes"
The race to save coffee
The Latest: Putin says Russia favors a global nuclear ban
EU leaders to May: match Brexit promises with real proposals
"In the military, trusted officers have become alleged assailants in sex crimes"
Workers at iPhone supplier in China protest unpaid bonuses
The Latest: White House envoy arrives in Egypt
The Latest: Russia to retaliate if US restricts Russia media
Russia's Putin: Trump's foes don't allow him to fulfill his election promises
George W. Bush demonstrates the problem with trying to criticize Trump while winning over his voters
Watch George W. Bush's full 'Spirit of Liberty' speech
"George W. Bush's anti-Trump manifesto, annotated"
Educator: Schools shouldn't merely allow students to protest. They should support them.
Bipartisan group of former FERC commissioners reject energy secretary's bid to help coal plants
"What would happen if Amazon brought 50,000 workers to your city? Ask Seattle."
"Putin talks like Russia's next president, but stays silent on whether he'll run"
The Latest: Putin: Trump's foes have blocked his agenda
French protest labor changes but fewer take to the streets
Kurdish female militia vows to keep fighting IS militants
Bipartisan group of former FERC commissioners rejects energy secretary's bid to help coal plants
UN chief to hold talks with Trump at White House on Friday
Spain set to strip Catalonia of powers over independence bid
Suspected US drone strike kills 3 al-Qaida fighters in Yemen
Trump gives Puerto Rico response a grade of 10 out of 10
Please do watch this Oklahoma fraternity's jorts-and-fanny pack dance routine
"Taliban storms army base with suicide bombings, killing 43 Afghan soldiers"
Protesters counter Richard Spencer's speech at the University of Florida
Trump: 'I give ourselves a 10' on Puerto Rico response
Trump meets with Puerto Rico's governor
France committed to Iran nuclear deal despite Trump decision
"Amid doctors' hunger strike, Poland may boost health budget"
Trump to meet with Senate Republicans on Capitol Hill next week
This Oklahoma fraternity has a choreographed jorts-and-fanny pack dance routine
Puerto Rico's governor wants commitment to treat citizens 'equally'
"Nawaz Sharif, ousted Pakistani prime minister, indicted on corruption charges"
Israeli soldier who shot fatally Palestinian seeks pardon
Brazil investigators look at meals made of processed pellets
"Israel strikes Syria, responding to errant mortar fire"
"George W. Bush's ardent speech on democracy, in 3 minutes"
The day anti-Vietnam War protesters tried to levitate the Pentagon
Senate Intelligence Committee to debate in secret a bill that would renew a powerful spy tool
Tourist killed by falling masonry in famous Florence church
Russia's Putin: Trump's foes have blocked his agenda
"The Melania Trump impostor rumor, according to the Internet"
Trump rates his Puerto Rico handling a 10 out of 10. America rates it a 4.
Backers of bill to stabilize ACA show broad support-but still must win over Trump
"'Go home, Spencer!' Protesters disrupt white nationalist's speech at the University of Florida"
503 men and women run the largest U.S. public companies. Only two of them are black.
Aung San Suu Kyi was a 'bright light' for some Rohingya. That dream is dead.
Putin talks like Russia's next president but stays silent on whether he'll run
Sensationalized news is fueling tension over areas disputed between Iraqis and Kurds
CIA director distorts intelligence community's findings on Russian interference
Ex-French intelligence chief testifies at terror trial
"Trump's chief of staff, whose son died in combat, defends president's call to Gold Star widow"
Walmart looks to see if virtual shopping is better than the real thing
"Trump's chief of staff, whose son died in combat, defends president's handling of phone call to Gold Star widow"
EU pledges more help to Italy to reduce migrant arrivals
"John Kelly, Trump's chief of staff whose son died in combat, defends president's call to Gold Star widow"
Is Richard Spencer a white nationalist or a white supremacist? It depends on the news source.
Bill Gates has a(nother) plan for K-12 public education. The others didn't go so well.
"Republicans have the budget votes they need, but Democrats prepare to make it painful"
U.S. abortion rate fell 25 percent from 2008 to 2014; one in four women have an abortion
"State laws have reduced concussion risks in high school kids, study finds"
Where's the buzz? German study finds dramatic insect decline
Kelly tells reporters to remember those serving in the military
"3 million Americans carry loaded handguns with them every single day, study finds"
Security forces reportedly bar Iran's popular ex-president from leaving his home
"John Kelly's fiery defense of Trump's shot at Obama and Gold Star phone call, annotated"
"States with looser concealed carry laws have more gun deaths, study says"
UN says plague cases in Madagascar almost doubled in 5 days
Backers of bill to stabilize ACA show broad support but still must win over Trump
McCain threatens to subpoena Trump aides for information on Niger attack that left four troops dead
'Not in our town!' Protesters march against Richard Spencer at University of Florida
McCain threatens to subpoena Trump aides for information on Niger attack that left 4 U.S. troops dead
The Jenners have caught up with the Kardashians
Trump gave himself a '10' on Puerto Rico. Then he tried to get its governor to do the same.
"Jet-makers are preparing for a world with on-demand, pilotless air taxis"
Rio 2016 head Nuzman to be released from jail
Tiberi's departure from Congress shows mounting challenge for Republicans
How Trump is grappling with Bannon's war on the GOP establishment
What John Kelly got wrong about Rep. Frederica Wilson and the Johnson family
"At chapel where nuns protest a pipeline, 23 arrested, including several in their 70s and 80s"
Ed Gillespie's lobbying career included work for firms with vast interests in Virginia
Why thousands of people in Mexico City raised their fists to the sky Thursday
Venezuela opposition shows evidence of tampered vote count
Trump on budget plan: 'I think we have the votes'
"Defying Trump, EU leaders commit to Iran nuclear accord"
Health insurers' most pressing concern right now? Consumer confusion
Some schools in Puerto Rico to open for 1st time after Maria
"Pollution kills 9 million people each year, new study finds"
The case of the disappearing bugs
Health insurers' most pressing concern right now? Consumer confusion.
Appeals court to review judge's order allowing abortion for undocumented immigrant
"After Raqqa, the U.S. sees Russia, Assad looming over remaining Syrian battlefield"
Pentagon defends U.S. troops who searched for slain soldier missing in Niger
Counselor at Md. high school arrested for sex offenses with women he met on Tinder
DNC reshuffle has some worrying about a 'purge'
Counselor at Md. high school arrested on sex offense charges with women he met on Tinder
EU summit: Merkel says Britain's May trying harder with Brexit deal but it's 'still not enough'
Watch a Gold Star family react to Trump's phone call
DNC reshuffle has some worrying about a purge
Listen: Soldier's widow shares her call with Trump
Billionaire Bill Gates announces a $1.7 billion investment in U.S. schools
Merkel: EU to cut aid to Turkey over democratic backsliding
Rio 2016 leader Nuzman to be released from jail
