Help wanted: Why Republicans won't work for the Trump administration
"1 dead, 11 injured by explosion in upscale Colombia mall"
"French woman killed, 11 hurt by explosion at Colombia mall"
Rural Indian girls get discrimination-fighting tool: soccer
Colombian officials raise death toll to 3 in bombing at upscale mall in capital's tourist zone
"Colombia: Bombing at mall kills 3, including French woman"
The Latest: Death toll rises to 3 in blast at Colombia mall
Number of missing U.S. sailors found dead after collision with merchant ship off coast of Japan
The Latest: US Navy says bodies of sailors found on ship
US Navy says bodies of missing sailors found inside the damaged destroyer USS Fitzgerald
Missing U.S. sailors found dead after collision with merchant ship off coast of Japan
The Latest: Rebel group denies role in Colombia bombing
Bodies of missing sailors found on stricken Navy destroyer
Several sailors' bodies found on stricken Navy destroyer
"Portuguese radio, citing Interior Ministry, says 25 people have been killed in forest fires"
Portuguese radio says 25 people killed in forest fires
More than 20 dead from forest fires in central Portugal
Taliban storm Afghan police compound; 1 police dead
25 dead from forest fires in central Portugal
Navy stops search for 7 missing sailors after bodies found
Navy commander says search for 7 missing sailors over but won't confirm number of bodies recovered from USS Fitzgerald
Pakistan says 2 officials have gone missing in Afghanistan
Rout by Macron's party expected in French parliament vote
"Taliban storm Afghan police compound, kill 5 police"
Voting begins in final round of French parliamentary elections; big win expected for Macron's party
Roadside bomb kills Egyptian police officer in Cairo suburb
"Iraqi troops move into Mosul's Old City, last IS stronghold"
'They will fight to the death': Iraqi forces start offensive to retake last area of Mosul held by militants
"Portugal forest fires death toll increases to 39, public broadcaster RTP reports, citing interior minister"
25 dead in central Portugal forest fires
The Latest: Portugal forest fire death toll rises to 39
39 dead in central Portugal forest fires
43 dead in central Portugal forest fires
"Taliban attacks key Afghan police base, killing at least five officers"
UK to help Syrian family of London fire victim to come to UK
The Latest: Portugal forest fires blamed on lack of rain
UK to double length of next Parliament to deal with Brexit
The Latest: Spain offers help to Portugal for forest fires
"The Latest: EU offers aid, aircraft to fight Portugal fires"
UK government scrambles to limit fallout from London fire
"ISIS says it carried out an attack in Jerusalem, but Hamas claims it did. Here's why that matters."
57 dead in central Portugal wildfires; many killed in cars
The Latest: Portugal team sends condolences to fire victims
Germany to start moving anti-IS planes to Jordan in July
EU executive seeks official commemoration of Germany's Kohl
The Latest: Japan's leader sends sympathy message to Trump
Thousands attend gay pride march in Ukraine's capital
Israel revokes Ramadan goodwill measures after deadly attack
The Latest: Corbyn: Empty homes for London fire victims
"Philippine rebels storm police station, seize assault rifles"
The Latest: Lawmaker: London fire evidence must be secured
The Latest: Pope leads prayer for Portugal fire victims
New recommendation: No fruit juice for babies before age 1
Pope: Learning from refugees' hopes and pain dissolves fear
Fathers of slain US soldiers attend trial in Jordan
"Iran, China hold joint naval drill in Persian Gulf"
The Latest: Portugal leader thanks firefighters for efforts
Aid convoy to besieged area comes under fire in Syria
"Why you need to know about mice, ticks, warm temperatures and Lyme disease"
58 dead in central Portugal wildfires; many killed in cars
Philippines eyes truce with communist rebels amid siege
The Latest: EU working to coordinate Portugal fire response
Trump lawyer insists there is no obstruction investigation - but then hedges
Democrats see high stakes in Georgia's special election
"Trump offers his review of Camp David: 'Incredible,' 'beautiful' and 'really nice'"
"Calling for civility, Ted Nugent explains why he once told Obama to 'suck on my machine gun.'"
Why does South Korea's new president want to talk to North Korea? Norah O'Donnell is going to ask.
Trump: 'I am being investigated.' Trump lawyer: He's not.
Trey Gowdy now has the House Oversight gavel. But will he investigate Trump?
Trump lawyer: The president is not under investigation for obstruction
New ad campaign to pressure five GOP senators to vote against health-care overhaul
Some gun owners are disturbed by the Philando Castile verdict. The NRA is silent.
"U.S. aircraft shoots down a Syrian government jet over northern Syria, Pentagon says"
"Rethinking the parent-teacher conference: Meeting more often, working as a team"
Safety lapses undermine nuclear warhead work at Los Alamos
A new doctor discovers the 'gritty' downside of modern medicine
"A small-town American left Belleville, Ill., and turned his weapons on Washington"
"He underwent surgery to remove his right testicle. When he woke up, his left one was missing."
"Two years ago, they couldn't look away. Now some Trump supporters are tuning out."
Benefits of white or whole-grain bread may depend on what lives in your gut
Can robots learn social etiquette? The Defense Department thinks so.
What to ask when your doctor leaves private practice for a hospital-owned group
They were smokejumpers when the CIA sent them to Laos. They came back in caskets.
French parliamentary elections give big boost to Macron
Afghan war faces flurry of setbacks as new U.S. military policy nears
Iraqi forces fight their way into the narrow streets of Mosul's historic center
A massive forest fire in Portugal has killed at least 62 people
The Latest: Portuguese soccer team sends condolences on fire
President Macron's party dominates French parliamentary vote
"Syria, Iraq troops link at border for first time in years"
"Suspected jihadists attack spa in Mali's capital, 2 dead"
Hundreds of thousands at Brazil's massive gay pride parade
