"'This is not closure': Navy families want answers on McCain, Fitzgerald deaths"
Brazil kicks out Venezuela's top diplomat amid tensions
White nationalists built a memorial for the white woman fatally shot by a Minneapolis policeman
"Guatemala FM defends Israel embassy move, says no reversal"
"Trump administration eases rule on killing birds, a win for energy interests"
How Scott Pruitt turned the EPA into one of Trump's most powerful tools
White nationalists built a memorial for the white woman fatally shot by a Somali American police officer
China hands down harsh sentence to rights activist
Vietnam to try former oil executives in widened crackdown
"Rohingya refugees have only memories, saved on cellphones"
Myanmar court extends detention for 2 Reuters reporters
"Tax-free no more: Saudi Arabia, UAE to roll out VAT in 2018"
"1 killed, 3 injured in shooting at candy factory in Moscow"
Liberia waits to hear 1st results of runoff election
Prosecutors demand 12-year prison term for Samsung heir Lee
Tourist ship strikes highway bridge in Germany; 27 hurt
Malaysia court acquits Australian woman of drug trafficking
Libyan families displaced in 2011 uprising to return home
New US airstrike in Somalia kills 13 al-Shabab members
17 of 2017's most visual stories from around the world
Spain pulls police reinforcements back from Catalonia
Israel minister plans Trump train station at Western Wall
Prince Harry joins African conservation group as president
Russia defends idea of Syria peace congress in Sochi
China lashes out at German ambassador over cyber security
Elon Musk says Tesla is planning to make a pickup truck
Libyan Tawergha families displaced in 2011 to return home
GOP intraparty clash poised to shape U.S. Senate contest in Mississippi
Spain's economy seen growing strongly despite Catalan crisis
The Latest: ICRC says badly ill removed from suburb in Syria
Swiss cook's forgotten knives prompt train evacuation
A beloved French author was also an anti-Semite. Now his most notorious works are being republished.
Turkish president in Tunisia to boost economic ties
Bosnia: Former female fighter convicted of war crimes
China defends sanctions work after report of NK oil transfer
10 memorable White House press briefing moments of 2017
Israel's transport minister wants to name a new Jerusalem train station after Trump
Tourist ship strikes highway bridge in Germany; 25 hurt
Putin submits endorsement papers to election authorities
"Taliban car bomb targets Afghan army base, wounding 15"
Cameroon frees US professor held for criticizing government
The Latest: Russian FM says Syria pressing al-Qaida group
Critically ill evacuated from Syria besieged area
"Ukrainian govt, separatists hold prisoner exchange"
Mutko to step down as head of World Cup organizing committee
The Latest: Turkey: No role for 'terrorist' Assad in Syria
Zimbabwe's new leader appoints ex-military commander as VP
Zimbabwe's new leader appoints ex-military commander who ousted Mugabe as vice president
Ukraine: Rebels and govt swap first prisoners under new deal
Turkish president calls Syria's Assad a 'terrorist'
Egyptian rights groups denounce execution of 15 militants
Syria allows some patients to leave besieged area
Liberia waiting to hear 1st results of runoff election
German prosecutors charge alleged member of IS group
Uganda says its forces have killed over 100 rebels in Congo
"Turkey: 1,000 could be falsely accused of links to cleric"
Trump's year at Trump-brand properties
Egypt court acquits founder of new Library of Alexandria
The Latest: Syria slams Turkish leader after Assad comments
Fishermen in Mexico shoot down environmental group's drone
"Orrin Hatch, Jeff Flake and the no-win scenario GOP senators face with Trump"
"In interview with Prince Harry, Obama says leaders shouldn't use social media to divide"
The Latest: Satirical campaign for Barcelona secession a hit
The world's 500 wealthiest people got $1 trillion richer in 2017
UK police check reports of illegal post-Christmas fox hunts
Poland's PM: Cabinet reshuffling to be completed after Jan.6
Federal prosecutors in New York requested Kushner Cos. records on Deutsche Bank loan
"Shell, Barclays say US tax plan means billions in 4Q charges"
"Iceland: Crash kills Chinese tourist, critically injures 12"
Ukrainian authorities and separatist rebels swap prisoners
Russia: Explosion injures 4 at St. Petersburg supermarket
Russian news reports: 4 hurt after device explodes at St. Petersburg supermarket
Greek far-left group claims responsibility for court bombing
Americans are dying younger than people in other rich nations
16 unforgettable stories from The Washington Post's foreign correspondents
A central argument for Trump's success is the rise in the stock market. How impressive is it?
The most consequential environmental stories of 2017
Iranian media says 5.1-magnitude quake jolts south
"After Texas church massacre, three cities sue Pentagon"
ISIS fighter with American accent urges supporters to take advantage of U.S. gun laws
Russia: Explosion injures 10 at St. Petersburg supermarket
The Latest: Explosion injures 10 at Russian supermarket
Trump adds Jeff Sessions to the fall guys list in Alabama loss
"We don't really know what weed does to babies, but more pregnant California women are using it"
"His arms numb, an officer punched his way through a frozen pond to save a submerged boy"
"After Texas church massacre, cities sue Pentagon for failing to report criminals to FBI gun database"
The uninsured are overusing emergency rooms - and other health-care myths
Liberia commission still tallying votes for runoff election
Federal prosecutors in N.Y. requested Kushner Cos. records on Deutsche Bank loan
"Bomb in St. Petersburg supermarket that injured 10 was 'attempted murder,' police say"
Syria allows 4 critically ill patients to leave besieged suburb. Hundreds remain.
Pardon of Peruvian autocrat amid political maelstrom brings Fujimoris back to spotlight
What's behind the claim that Hillary Clinton got '$84 million in illegal contributions?'
"Watch these dogs romp through nose-high snow in Erie, Pa."
Pardon of Peruvian autocrat Fujimori brings his powerful family back into the spotlight
The 10 most incredible photos from an astounding year in weather
The teen couldn't bear life anymore. So he called police with a chilling threat.
Trump legal team readies attack on Flynn's credibility
2017 was a sensational year for the richest people in the world
Palm Beach adjusts to having the president as one of its part-time residents
What's behind the claim that Hillary Clinton got '$84 million of potentially illegal campaign contributions?'
Thousands of Puerto Rico police owed overtime call in sick
"A sandbag dropped from an overpass killed a man, and four teens are now charged with murder"
Most Americans do not support making cuts to programs for people with low incomes
"John E. Nolan Jr., lawyer who helped negotiate Bay of Pigs prisoner release, dies at 90"
"Bomb in St. Petersburg supermarket that injured 10 was attempted murder, police say"
U.S. to end search for Argentine submarine that vanished in November
Ryan's 'pro-white' primary foe denounced by Breitbart after his anti-Semitic tweets
"Tax bill spawns new holiday headache: Waiting in line to pay taxes, in some cases for naught"
"From Minneapolis to New York City, nation faces frigid New Year's Eve and start to 2018"
A passenger boards the wrong plane. So Chrissy Teigen tweets about an 8-hour 'flight to nowhere.'
"A mother, her two children and her partner were found dead in an act of 'savagery,' police say"
2 top officials quit Peru government amid political crisis
