'It will be momentous': Supreme Court embarks on new term
First visible minority wins leadership of fed Canada party
Trump defies critics by conducting business as usual
Trial to begin in assassination of N. Korea leader's brother
"In '60 Minutes' interview, Rep. Scalise recounts baseball shooting that nearly killed him"
Trump defies critics of his Puerto Rico response by conducting business as usual
Scalise tells '60 Minutes' of harrowing ordeal: 'Don't let me bleed out on this field'
Two women accused of killing the half brother of North Korea's ruler arrive for start of their trial in Malaysia
AP PHOTOS: Puerto Rico family lost everything to hurricane
The Latest: Suspects arrive for trial in N. Korean's killing
Trump foreign policy pronouncements split the Republican Party
India's millions of new Internet users are falling for fake news - sometimes with deadly consequences
Two women accused of killing the half brother of North Korea's leader plead not guilty as trial begins in Malaysia
The Latest: Judge calls short break in N. Korea trial
2 women plead not guilty in N. Korean scion's assassination
The Latest: Indonesia monitoring NKorea assassination trial
Rio's kids are dying in the crossfire of a wave of violence
AP photographer reflects on 13 years covering Rio shootings
Spain's Rajoy sets the stage for a bigger battle over Catalonia
The Latest: Defense request denied in Kim Jong Nam trial
Vanuatu island exodus continues even as volcano stabilizes
"India says Pakistan firing kills boy, injures 5 in Kashmir"
Terror support trial of gunman's brother to open in France
US-led coalition: Service member killed in explosion in Iraq
Jordan seeks more security guarantees in south Syria truce
Bernie Sanders claims that the world's six wealthiest people have as much wealth as half the global population
"Dam upstream leaves Egypt fearing for its lifeline, the Nile"
Fact Check: Do the world's six wealthiest countries have as much wealth as half the world's population?
Police shut down part of Las Vegas strip due to reported shooting
Myanmar takes foreign diplomats into conflict-torn Rakhine
Pakistani corruption court postpones Sharif indictment
Travelers stranded as Monarch Airlines suspends flights
Trump's latest NKorea tweets get muted response in SKorea
"India: Pakistan firing kills boy, teenage girl in Kashmir"
Marseille suspect released from custody day before attack
Watch aerial views of damaged Guajataca dam in Puerto Rico
Taiwan concert clash reveals divisions over China's outreach
Long-haul carrier Emirates expands to 29 FlyDubai routes
Donald Trump's lukewarm response to Puerto Rico was pretty predictable. Here's why.
The Latest: Kim Jong Nam trial ends for the day
Iranian foreign minister arrives in Oman for talks
"Moscow just put up a statue to Kalashnikov, of AK-47 fame. Meet the sculptor."
Eurozone unemployment edges down further in August
"Nobel Prize in medicine or physiology awarded to Jeffrey C. Hall, Michael Rosbash and Michael W. Young"
"UK tries to bring home 110,000 travelers after airline fails"
"The Latest: US Navy admiral pledges to defend Japan, S.Korea"
The Nobel Prize for Medicine has been awarded to 3 Americans for discoveries about body's daily rhythms
The Latest: 2012 Toulouse attacks trial opens in Paris court
Americans win Nobel medicine prize for circadian rhythm work
"Nobel Prize in physiology awarded to Americans Jeffrey C. Hall, Michael Rosbash and Michael W. Young for discovery of 'clock gene'"
APNewsBreak: Attacks in Havana hit US spy network in Cuba
AP sources: US spies working under diplomatic cover in Havana among the first and most severely affected by attacks
"Russia says IS cell members detained, terror plots foiled"
"Nobel Prize in physiology awarded to Americans Jeffrey C. Hall, Michael Rosbash and Michael W. Young for discovery of 'clock genes'"
Kenyan police fire tear gas to disperse protesters
3 Americans win Nobel medicine prize for body rhythm work
Trump's N. Korea tweets: Sewing confusion or hard reality?
Disloyalty slur latest in series showing Trump administration's mistrust of feds
"The Latest: Marseille attacker had past record, used 7 IDs"
The Daily 202: Trump's tweets make matters worse in Puerto Rico and North Korea
LBJ's shrewd moves to make Thurgood Marshall the nation's first black Supreme Court justice
"Trial to begin Monday for suspect in Manhattan, New Jersey 2016 bomb spree"
"More than 50 dead, 200 injured at shooting on Las Vegas Strip"
"Nobel in physiology, medicine awarded to three Americans for discovery of 'clock genes'"
The Latest: Brother says 2012 suspect 'danger to France'
Trump's N. Korea tweets: Sowing confusion or hard reality?
Drone strike kills at least 8 Hezbollah fighters in Syria
Prague taxi drivers block access to airport to protest Uber
Euro drops as investors gauge impact of Catalonia unrest
Effects of breast cancer can be eased by some non-drug therapies
Catalonia and Spain map out their next moves after chaotic vote for independence
Catalonia's leader says European Union needs to arrange mediation in dispute with Spain over independence referendum
The Finance 202: Trump team is off-message when it comes to tax cuts for middle class
Republicans are the party of ideological inconsistency
Security forces kill several at protests in Cameroon
Official: Turkish military officer seeks asylum in Cyprus
The Latest: Mother: Brother didn't help 2012 French attacker
America's deadliest shooting incidents are getting much more deadly
The Health 202: Trump could pick one of these people to replace Price at HHS
"At least 50 dead, 200 injured at shooting on Las Vegas Strip"
The Latest: Nobel winner Rosbash praises the fruit fly
The Latest: Suicide car bomber strikes in Syrian capital
The Energy 202: ANWR is back. It could make a tax code overhaul a lot harder.
3 Americans win Nobel medicine prize for circadian rhythms
Libyan rivals aim for new power-sharing deal
Russia border guard killed in shootout near Ukrainian border
US army chief says Russia war games broke observer rules
Bystander or Benghazi ringleader? Trial begins Monday for terrorism suspect.
Greek draft state budget sees steady acceleration in economy
Palestinian prime minister visits Hamas-ruled Gaza amid reconciliation efforts
Russia's Putin in gas-rich Turkmenistan on rare visit
The Latest: Suicide attack targets Damascus police station
How a Supreme Court case from Wisconsin could set a new standard for partisan redistricting
The Latest: Town holds memorial for Marseille stab victims
Europe to commit $1.18 billion to better protect marine life
Witnesses recount N. Korean leader's brother's last moments
Bernie Sanders claims the world's six wealthiest people have as much wealth as half the global population
"Las Vegas gunman liked to gamble, listened to country music, lived quiet retired life before massacre"
From the UT Tower to a Las Vegas hotel: The carnage when shooters take aim from above
Here's how the Supreme Court could decide whether your vote will count
Greek state budget sees steady pick-up in economy
"US army chief calls for EU military transport, border rules"
US tells Albania fighting organized crime is main challenge
Mexico bars quake-collapsed school in capital from operating
Egypt says police killed 3 suspected militants in Cairo
"At least 50 dead, 400 injured after shooting on Las Vegas Strip"
"Islamic State claims Las Vegas attack, says shooter converted to Islam months ago, but provides no evidence"
Politicians react to Las Vegas shooting
Pakistan: Cross-border fire kills 1 in Kashmir
"EU Council President Tusk appeals to Spain to ""find ways to avoid further escalation and use of force"""
Islamic State claims Las Vegas mass shooting
Vatican No. 2 opens online abuse seminar amid porn scandal
"This $3,000 baby stroller drives itself. Would you buy it?"
"A fire alarm from gun smoke led police to the Las Vegas shooter's room, retired officer says"
"Las Vegas gunman, Stephen Paddock, enjoyed gambling, country music, lived quiet life"
President Trump offers condolences following Las Vegas shooting
World leaders urge dialogue to calm tensions over Catalonia
The Latest: Nobel winner Hall: People can be helped by this
"Trump plans to visit Las Vegas on Wednesday, calls shooting 'an act of pure evil'"
"In the wake of another mass shooting, a reminder that opinions on gun control are complicated"
Forget the Paris agreement. The real solution to climate change is in the U.S. tax code.
"Las Vegas gunman Stephen Paddock enjoyed gambling, country music, lived quiet life before massacre"
Trump's full remarks after the Las Vegas shooting
Trump calls for flags to be lowered after Las Vegas shooting
Terrorism or not? Las Vegas reignites a real - and really important - debate.
Columnist for Sheldon Adelson's Las Vegas newspaper blames 'Muslim terror' for shooting
Australia's EMH signs deal to mine lithium in Czech Republic
Biological clock discoveries by 3 Americans earn Nobel prize
Thousands fled the hail of gunfire in Las Vegas. These people stayed to try to save lives.
North Korea appears to have a new Internet connection - thanks to the help of a state-owned Russian firm
Bizarre attacks in Havana hit US spy network in Cuba
EU to commit some $1 billion to better protect marine life
The Latest: Merkel condemns deadly knife attack in France
President Trump commends the Las Vegas Police Department on their 'fast response'
"After Las Vegas, Democrats are jumping straight into the gun control debate"
"'An act of pure evil': Trump's remarks on the Las Vegas mass shooting, annotated"
"Vehicle attack kills one American service member, wounds another in Iraq"
Video from Las Vegas suggests automatic gunfire. Here's what makes machine guns different.
"'Appalling,' 'awful' and 'clearly an act of terror': The world reacts to Las Vegas attack"
"Under siege in their villages, Rohingya still in Burma say they're trapped"
Iran and Iraq hold joint drill near Iraqi Kurdish region
The Latest: Nobel winner Young: Body clocks are the future
AP PHOTOS: A chaotic 24 hours in Spain's Catalonia region
Drone strike kills at least 10 Hezbollah fighters in Syria
"After Las Vegas, Democrats are jumping straight into the gun-control debate"
SEC initially said 2016 hack did not expose anyone's personal information. Now it says it was wrong.
"Amid mass shootings, GOP-controlled Congress remains focused on loosening gun laws"
Trial starts diving into France's homegrown jihadi violence
"Attempted murder charges filed in Canada car, knife attack"
Chess player fired by Iran over headscarf joins US team
"Trump on Las Vegas shooting: 'It's a very sad moment for me, for everybody'"
D.C. says charter school board violated city law in vote on expanding charters
Death in Las Vegas: Mass shooting unfolds at country music festival
The Latest: State TV says 17 killed in Damascus attack
Mark Kelly: 'Thoughts and prayers' from politicians 'aren't going to stop the next shooting'
This ancient primate may be responsible for genital herpes
"Fired by ESPN for a racist headline, he's finding his second chance as a Catholic priest"
Court sends Russian opposition leader to jail for 20 days
A Russian court sentences opposition leader Alexei Navalny to 20 days in jail for calling for an unsanctioned rally.
Suicide attack on police station in Syrian capital kills 17
17 dead after protests in Cameroon English-speaking areas
Why the debate over gun suppressors isn't really relevant to what happened in Las Vegas
Marseille attacker was released the day before deadly knife assault
'The shots just kept coming': Mass shooting unfolds at country music festival
Court jails Russian opposition leader Navalny for 20 days
Why Congress still won't 'do something' about gun laws after Las Vegas
The lives lost in Las Vegas
Need help with financial aid forms? These groups are here to help.
Las Vegas shooter's father was a bank robber and on the FBI's Most Wanted list
Las Vegas gunman Stephen Paddock was a high-stakes gambler who kept to himself before massacre
"Bus crash in western Mexico kills 15, injures about 30"
Trump's White House froze an equal-pay rule. Women are fighting to save it.
Las Vegas shooter's father was a bank robber - and on the FBI's Most Wanted list
Las Vegas gunman Stephen Paddock was a high-stakes gambler who 'kept to himself' before massacre
The lives lost in the Las Vegas shooting
Death of diesel begins as GM announces plans for 'all-electric future'
Experts and the public agree on how to stop gun violence. Politicians don't.
Sri Lankan monk among 7 jailed for attack on Rohingya
"Trump's company had more contact with Russia during campaign, according to documents turned over to investigators"
New York's 9/11 tribute mesmerizes birds - and might help save them
Death of gas and diesel begins as GM announces plans for 'all-electric future'
Trump holds moment of silence for Las Vegas victims
A look at what might happen if Catalonia goes it alone
Analysis: Spanish police attacks- mistake or part of a plan?
Trump's press secretary: Presidents don't push policy right after tragedies
Kaine: 'We've lost our minds' on gun policies
"In wake of deadly Las Vegas shooting, world leaders offer condolences"
"Eiffel Tower dark in bow to Marseille, Las Vegas victims"
"Kremlin critic Navalny gets 20 days in jail, calls it a 'birthday present' for Putin"
What South Sudan can teach Catalonia about creating a new country
Schumer on Las Vegas shooting: 'How did this monster acquire the arsenal he used?'
Amazon promised to make Whole Foods cheaper. Let's see how that's going.
What it's like to hear a shooting spree unfold two floors above your hotel room
USC shelters in place after unconfirmed report of shots fired
5 deadliest U.S. modern mass shootings
Chess player banned by Iran over hijab switches over to US
Schumer on Las Vegas shooter: 'How did this monster acquire the arsenal he used?'
Who was Las Vegas shooter Stephen Paddock?
Supreme Court begins new term with case on workers' right to individual arbitration
How Trump is responding to mass shootings as president
USC shelters in place but police find no evidence of shots fired
White House: Now is not the time to talk about gun control. But 'if you look to Chicago ...'
Brazil's anti-corruption judge says massive probe near end
Blumenthal: 'Nothing has changed since Newtown'
"Police conclude no shots were fired at USC, which had locked down over unconfirmed reports"
Las Vegas shooting: What we know from officials so far
AP sources: US spies in Havana hit by bizarre health attacks
"With threats and taunts, Catalonia and Spain map out their next moves after chaotic vote for independence"
Federal watchdog opens probe into travel by Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke
How the Las Vegas Strip shooting unfolded
Trump quotes the Bible in response to Las Vegas shooting
Cornyn: Mass shootings are 'almost commonplace' but 'no less shocking'
"Christianity may be declining in America, but presidents still turn to the Bible in moments of tragedy"
Supreme Court begins new term with case on whether workers can be forced into individual arbitration
McConnell: 'This is a moment for national mourning and for prayer'
"After attacks on US diplomats, Cubans' visa hopes in limbo"
Warren: 'We have to have a conversation about how to stop gun violence'
The Las Vegas shooter had 19 guns. Here's what we know about them.
The Las Vegas shooter had about 20 guns. Here's what we know about them.
Trump may come face-to-face with Cruz in Puerto Rico after days of attacking the mayor
Next wave of hurricane relief aid expected to top $10 billion
'Lone wolf': Our stunning double standard when it comes to race and religion
Murphy: Congress's inaction is 'unintentional endorsement' of mass shootings
"'We understand what needs to be fixed,' Tesla says after bungling Model 3 production goals"
Another tragedy but a new tone: Trump calls for unity after Las Vegas massacre
The Las Vegas shooter had 16 guns. Here's what we know about them.
Here's how frustrated Democrats have responded to Las Vegas
Ecuador court orders pre-trial detention for vice president facing corruption charges
Next package of hurricane relief aid expected to top $10 billion
Ecuador court orders pre-trial detention for vice president
The Las Vegas shooter had 17 guns. Here's what we know about them.
Ecuador court orders vice president jailed in graft probe
