'I felt the gunfire would never stop': A fun-filled concert turned to horror
USC faculty member detained by police after reporting an active shooter on campus. There wasn't one.
Russians took a page from corporate America by using Facebook tool to ID and influence voters
"'We understand what needs to be fixed,' Tesla says after missing Model 3 production goals"
"When Hurricane Maria hit Puerto Rico, 'everything collapsed simultaneously'"
Many Puerto Ricans angry over Trump's comments on island
Some congressional Republicans question tax plan over deficit costs
North Korea tension sidelines South's Unification Ministry
How Washington reacted to the Las Vegas shooting
The Las Vegas shooter had 23 guns. Here's what we know about them.
"Rebels storm Indian paramilitary camp in Kashmir, 3 injured"
House Republicans propose Puerto Rico funding as part of CHIP bill
UN says election in Congo key to ending political crisis
"Without evidence, Islamic State claims Las Vegas shooting"
"Rebels storm Indian paramilitary camp in Kashmir, 1 killed"
He helped people escape from the storm of gunfire in Las Vegas. Now he has a bullet in his neck.
"America is exceptional for its unique, deadly gun culture"
Nobel physics prize: A big award often for tiny materials
He was shot helping people during the Las Vegas shooting. His heroics helped his photo go viral.
Ecuador's vice president jailed in graft probe
Rebels storm Indian paramilitary camp in Kashmir; 2 killed
American woman's mission: Rescuing dogs from Bali volcano
Bugs in the food is by design at new Bangkok bistro
Pakistan's disgraced ex-PM re-elected head of ruling party
Are most Planned Parenthood clinics in urban areas where women have adequate access to care?
5 arrests after explosives found in chic Paris district
Pathologist: North Korean had low enzyme due to poisoning
Report says mystery of Flight 370 is 'almost inconceivable'
Catalans urged to strike to protest police crackdown on poll
An emotional Kimmel asks for gun control. He wasn't the only late-night host to do so.
Fact Check: Are most Planned Parenthood in urban areas without doctor shortages?
Rebels storm Indian paramilitary camp in Kashmir; 3 killed
The Latest: Turkey says Spanish territorial integrity is key
Russia says its strikes killed hundreds of IS in east Syria
"UK's May fights for future after election woes, Brexit rift"
The Latest: EU party leader urges sacking of UK's Johnson
New CEO of Uber to meet with London transport officials
France arrests 5 after explosives found in chic Paris area
Could the flow of migrants to Europe be stopped?
2 Ugandan opposition lawmakers' homes hit by grenade attacks
The Latest: Cyprus says Catalan vote in violation of law
Iran foreign minister visits Qatar amid diplomatic standoff
The Latest: Top Brexit leader condemns EU over Catalonia
"For many hotels, terror risks make tight security routine"
IS claims deadly suicide attack in Syrian capital
Lots of Republicans actually support gun control
Q&#038;A for federal workers: Use or lose leave
"Germans see almost no progress on East-West unity in the past 7 years, study says"
Here are all the other fatal shootings from Sunday that you haven't heard about
"Nobel Prize in physics won by Rainer Weiss, Barry Barish and Kip Thorne"
The Nobel Prize in physics is won by scientists who detected gravitational waves
The Latest: 3 share Nobel physics prize for gravity waves
"The 3 Nobel Physics Prize winners are Rainer Weiss, Barry Barish and Kip Thorne"
Rebels storm Indian paramilitary camp in Kashmir; 4 killed
The Nobel Physics Prize is awarded to 3 scientists for discoveries in gravitational waves.
"Plague in Madagascar hits urban areas, kills 2 dozen people"
The Latest: Moody's warns over Spain's credit-worthiness
The Latest: Post-mortem found VX caused Kim Jong Nam's death
Three Americans win Nobel Prize in physics for gravitational wave discovery
Las Vegas residents mourn shooting victims at vigil
Nobel physics prize awards discovery in gravitational waves
The Latest: EU lawmakers see insufficient Brexit progress
New US ambassador to Russia presents credentials to Putin
"As Las Vegas grieves, investigators struggle to piece together the motives behind shooting"
New US ambassador to Russia in place after Kremlin visit
CEO to Congress: Wells Fargo 'is better bank today than it was a year ago.'
Good news: Fewer and fewer young people are getting incarcerated
"As Las Vegas grieves, investigators struggle to uncover motive behind shooting"
The Latest: Physics prize winner anticipated Nobel call
The Latest: Port workers protest against police in Barcelona
Poland urged to fire publisher of works by Holocaust denier
The Daily 202: 10 political takeaways from the Las Vegas shooting
France says knife attacker was Tunisian with Italian papers
Post-mortem: VX poison killed brother of North Korean leader
Dutch prosecutors seek ban on Bandidos motorcycle club
European court asked to rule on Facebook data transfers
The Latest: Nobel winner says prize 'a win for human race'
Merkel grateful as Germany celebrates unification
Supreme Court takes up Wisconsin as first test in partisan gerrymandering claims
The Daily 202: 10 ways politics may - or may not - change after the Las Vegas shooting
Venezuela has too much money but not nearly enough cash
UK plans jail sentences for streaming extremist content
Kurdish lawmakers boycott Iraq parliament session in Baghdad
New US ambassador to Russia meets Putin in Kremlin visit
The Finance 202: Two GOP senators express doubt on tax plan - already
The Latest: Barcelona soccer team joins Catalan strike
Nobel prize cites finding of ripples in fabric of universe
Zimbabwe police hold reporter for story on Grace Mugabe
"As Las Vegas grieves, investigators struggle to uncover motive behind shooting rampage"
Hungary: 3 new indictments in 2015 case of 71 migrant deaths
The Health 202: There could soon be a bipartisan deal on Obamacare marketplaces. Really.
Spain's Catalonia gripped by general strike to protest police violence during independence vote
Trump on Puerto Rico's mayor: 'It's now acknowledged what a great job we've done'
Trump: 'We'll be talking about gun laws as time goes by'
Supreme Court takes up Wisconsin as test in partisan gerrymandering claims
White families are twice as likely to be millionaires as a generation ago
Is India neglecting its iconic Taj Mahal because it was built by Muslims?
"27 years after unification, many Germans still feel divide"
Eritrean tells court he's not migrant smuggling kingpin
"Trump calls Las Vegas shooter 'a sick man, a demented man'"
Spain's crackdown on Catalan voters spawns new separatists
"Egypt steps up crackdown on homosexuals, arrests 27"
"The Energy 202: Rick Perry manages to unite oil, gas, wind and solar - against him"
Trump on Puerto Rican mayor: 'It's now acknowledged what a great job we've done'
Kurdish officials: Iraqi ex-President Jalal Talabani dies
The Latest: Minister accuses Catalan govt of totalitarianism
Former Wilders spokesman convicted of embezzling party funds
"Trump on response to Las Vegas shooting: 'What happened is, in many ways, a miracle.'"
"Joe Scarborough isn't running 'for a while,' but here's his gun-control stump speech"
"Breast-cancer death rate drops almost 40 percent, saving 322,000 lives, study says"
Boris Johnson tests Theresa May's patience. Will she fire him?
US yachtsman Cayard speaks to prevalence of plastic in seas
Court OKs extradition of Russian hacker Levashov to US
"After Las Vegas, don't expect President Trump to suddenly support gun control measures"
Puerto Rico is keeping track of just how slowly its infrastructure is being rebuilt
Spain's Catalonia gripped by strike to protest police violence during independence vote
Witnesses testify VX killed brother of North Korean leader
Sierra Leone's 709 carat diamond lands in Antwerp for sale
Trump praises himself for administration's 'great job' in Puerto Rico
The Latest: Nobel winner says he would love to tell Einstein
'Obesity is not an issue': Why the Indian government is courting foreign junk-food makers
"Failure to vaccinate is likely driver of U.S. measles outbreaks, report says"
Australian foreign minister to the U.S.: We can offer advice on gun law reform
Denmark: Stabbing wounds found on dead journalist's torso
The Latest: IS video claims to show 2 Russian captives
Catalans stop work to protest police force during referendum
The Latest: Activists force businesses to join strike
U.S. will expel Cuban diplomats as fallout deepens over mystery illnesses
"Romania, Bulgaria open new border crossing"
Indian tycoon Vijay Mallya faces new charges; free on bail
Thai police seeking Interpol listing for former PM's arrest
Einstein proof: Nobel winners find ripples in the universe
Trump's defense of civil liberties depends on its political utility
Trump pledged to end shootings and 'American carnage.' He is failing.
"Each year, the U.S. spends $2.8 billion treating gunshot wounds"
"U.S. will expel 15 Cuban diplomats, escalating tensions over mystery illnesses"
The Trump tax cuts would be the most insane giveaway to the rich ever
"In wake of Las Vegas shootings, no plans to bring gun silencer bill to House floor, Ryan says"
D.C. residents could have student debt forgiven under council proposal
Thai police seeking Interpol notice for former PM's arrest
"President Trump arrives in Puerto Rico for firsthand look at storm damage, meetings with victims, first responders"
Philippine police say 2 Swedes wounded in rebel attack
Denmark: Stab wounds found on dead journalist's torso
Death toll in Mexico earthquake rises to 366
'This is totally unacceptable': Pentagon leaders pressed for more details about Afghan war plan
"2017 Nobel-winning research on gravitational waves, LIGO and gravity explained"
Macedonia: Mayor beaten as violence mars poll campaigning
Uber CEO holds 'constructive' talks with London officials
Diplomats who toured Myanmar's Rakhine want access for aid
"IS claims Damascus attack, capture of Russian soldiers"
The Latest: 4 people detained over Marseille stabbings
Trump says Puerto Rico officials should be 'proud' more haven't died like in Katrina
Hedge fund billionaire flew top Mnuchin aide on private jet to Palm Beach
History proves how dangerous it is to have the government regulate fake news
He was a child refugee jealous of kids who went to school. Now he helps others like him get an education.
Warren to Wells Fargo CEO: 'You should be fired.'
"One in seven white families are now millionaires. For black families, it's one in 50."
Spain's King Felipe VI to address the nation in televised message at 9 p.m. (1900GMT)
US yachtsman Cayard witness to prevalence of plastic in seas
UN says more should have been done to fight cholera in Yemen
Boris Johnson vows loyalty to May as divided UK Tories meet
Trump meets with Puerto Ricans after hurricane
Trump said he would stop the 'American carnage.' It hasn't even slowed down.
The Latest: Spanish king to address the nation
France: 4 detained after knife attack in Marseille
French Parliament approves new security law in first vote
Trump ribs Puerto Rico for costing the government money (by being destroyed)
"Heckuva job, me: Trump just favorably compared Puerto Rico's death toll to Katrina"
Pentagon identifies American soldier killed in Iraq attack
UN: More should have been done to fight cholera in Yemen
"Steakhouse dinners, golf resort speeches: Calendars detail EPA chief's close ties to industry"
Is India neglecting the Taj Mahal because it was built by Muslims?
Iraqi ex-president and Kurdish leader Talabani dies at 83
Natalia Kanem of Panama named to head UN population agency
Warren tells Wells Fargo CEO he 'should be fired'
French Muslims enraged by passage of Macron's version of Patriot Act
Israeli bank: US tax settlement to be higher than thought
"Polish women march again, year after large 'black protest'"
The Las Vegas shooter modified a rifle to shoot like an automatic weapon
Schumer blasts Trump for Puerto Rico comments
Megyn Kelly didn't really censor Tom Brokaw. He just couldn't hear her toss to commercial.
UN says recovery of eastern Caribbean could cost $1 billion
The Latest: Tens of thousands marching in Barcelona
Rwanda opposition figure Rwigara faces insurrection charges
Two strangers bond over country music and beer. Then the shots started.
Schumer to Trump: 'Break from the NRA'
Controversial Project Veritas hit with restraining order sought by teachers union
"Fancy dinners, far-flung speeches: Calendars detail EPA chief's close ties to industry"
"The Latest: Nobel-winning scientists laud each other, team"
"Trump's half-baked Puerto Rico press conference, annotated"
"Yes, Pat Robertson blamed the Vegas shooting on 'disrespect' for Trump and the national anthem"
"Huntsman presents credentials to Putin, vows to work on U.S. ties with Russia"
Trump throws paper towel rolls into crowd while delivering aid supplies in Puerto Rico
Two strangers bond over country music and beer. Then the gunshots started.
Dutch defense minister quits over artillery training deaths
"Dutch defense minister, military chief resign over critical report into training accident that killed 2 troops"
Russian military holds massive missile drills
I feel ... devastated. Readers respond to the latest mass shooting.
"Talabani, Iraq's first Kurdish president, dies at 83"
"Cuba official says US response to mysterious attacks on diplomats ""irresponsible"" and ""hasty"" after US expels 15 Cubans"
Supreme Court debates long detentions for immigrants facing deportation
Trump: Recovery effort in Puerto Rico is 'nothing short of a miracle'
Ralph Northam: 'Refuse' - Campaign 2017
"Top military officials endorse staying in Iran deal, contradicting Trump"
Deal or no deal on DACA? Republicans say no. Democrats say not yet.
Who are Trump's political allies in Puerto Rico? Explaining the island's political factions.
"The era of holiday deals is dead, and so is Black Friday"
"In hard-hit Puerto Rico neighborhood, no sign of federal aid"
Azerbaijan denies cracking down on LGBT people
Are Republican senators justified in being worried about the NRA?
Americans who live closer to a mass shooting are more likely to support gun regulation
French authorities suspect 4 of helping killer in Marseille
"Trump's half-baked Puerto Rico photo op, annotated"
The big Megyn Kelly-Tom Brokaw dust-up that wasn't
Teenager stabbed at Maryland high school after argument
Who will take care of Nevada's wounded psyche?
How big is the federal workforce? Much bigger than you think.
Spain's king calls independence vote by Catalonia 'totally outside law and democracy'
"Teacher responds to DeVos: Schools aren't like food trucks, and education is 'not a side of fries'"
"CORRECTS: Cuba says US response to mysterious attacks on diplomats ""reckless"" and ""hasty"" after 15 Cubans expelled"
"Police say Las Vegas gunman planned 'extensively,' used cameras to monitor police as they approached"
Critics say Gillespie firm's lobbying for lenders raises questions about commitment to college affordability
Who is Dan Bilzerian?
Suspect in Canada attack appears in court by TV link
"Kurdish leader Talabani, onetime hope for Iraqi unity, dies"
Balkan neighbors back Serbia's EU bid
Why 'thoughts and prayers' is starting to sound so profane
About half of border crosser asylum cases heard rejected
"With Trump's backing, House approves ban on abortion after 20 weeks of pregnancy"
GOP Rep. repeatedly promoted pro-life stance a week after reportedly telling mistress to get abortion
How presidents responded to the deadliest shootings during their administrations
"'My son is still there!': As others ran from Las Vegas gunfire, a mother tried to get back in"
Former HHS secretary testifies in Menendez corruption case that she declined to help New Jersey senator
North Korea accuses US of imposing an 'economic blockade'
GOP congressman repeatedly promoted pro-life stance a week after reportedly telling mistress to get abortion
GOP congressman repeatedly promoted antiabortion stance a week after reportedly telling mistress to get abortion
New details emerge about Las Vegas shooter Stephen Paddock and girlfriend Marilou Danley
"Iris can't hold your hand, but she may ease your mind as you step into a driverless car"
"Trump's visit to Puerto Rico, in two minutes"
Suspect in Canada attack ordered deported from US in 2011
"Facing an uphill climb in Alabama Senate race, Democrats hesitate to engage"
Security for Betsy DeVos could cost up to $6.54 million over the next year
White House to seek almost $30 billion in new disaster response funding
"Amid grade tampering probe, school employees not told about hotline"
"'If there is no water, disease will come.' Many in Puerto Rico still lack water service"
Puerto Rican schoolchildren could be out of class for months
