Documents shed light on North Korea's startling gains in sea-based missile technology
Trump thanks firefighters
"'We get a lot of famous people here': For many in Palm Beach, Trump's visits are an afterthought"
"From Minneapolis to New York City, the nation faces a frigid New Year's Eve and start to 2018"
"As China smothers Xinjiang, even mild critics are silenced"
Betsy DeVos in her own words: Eight quotes that tell her story in 2017
IRS says many who prepaid property taxes may still face cap on deductions
"Vietnam jails 2 dozens on charges of terrorism, subversion"
S. Korean president calls sex slave deal with Japan flawed
"Vietnam jails 2 dozen on charges of terrorism, subversion"
Israel passes law that critics say is meant to shield PM
Venezuelans abroad panhandle with their useless cash
"China: US should curb demand for opioids, not blame China"
China's crackdown on Uighurs spreads to even mild critics
Myanmar drops illegal drone charges against journalists
Turkey's Erdogan seeks to mend strained ties with Europe
Liberians await 1st provisional results of presidential vote
A massive price tag to rebuild Iraq after Islamic State
"Kabul blasts kill at least 30 people, injure dozens gathered at news agency office"
"Police spokesman says 25 killed, 32 wounded in 2 simultaneous attacks in Afghan capital"
Russian President Vladimir Putin says Wednesday's explosion in St. Petersburg was terror attack.
India chides Pakistan for treatment of officer's family
Putin calls St. Petersburg explosion terrorist attack
"Authorities say in attack on Shiite cultural center in Afghan capital kills at least 35, wounds 20"
Turkey: 38 Islamic State group suspects detained in raids
Germany: Union boss presses center-left to join Merkel gov't
The Latest: Afghan president decries cultural center attack
Putin says St. Petersburg explosion was terror attack
Ethiopians deported en masse by Saudi Arabia allege abuses
"Kabul blasts kill at least 30 people, injure dozens gathered at Shiite cultural center"
5 lessons from a Republican year of governing dangerously
Opioid abuse in the United States is so bad it is lowering our life expectancy. Why hasn't the epidemic hit other countries?
"China criticizes US, German embassies for 'interference'"
Libyan army in east welcomes elections soon as possible
NKorea boat captain charged in theft from tiny Japan island
"Kabul blasts kill at least 40 people, injure dozens gathered at Shiite cultural center"
"Egypt, Sudan relations at a new low over Erdogan's visit"
Kremlin says Navalny's call for protest will be investigated
Vietnam party chief praises fight against corruption
Turkey's leader denies plans for naval base in Sudan
Zimbabwe ex-military leader who ousted Mugabe becomes VP
How Sen. Pat Toomey turned the Republican tax bill away from populism
"The America of 2017, and 4 other global stories that shaped this year"
"2017 was a terrible year to be a refugee. But at a massive camp, I saw hope."
The Latest: IS claims responsibility for Afghan attack
Kabul blasts kill at least 40 people at pro-Iranian Shiite cultural center
Red Cross says 12 more patients evacuated from Syrian suburb
"The Latest: Officials say Afghan attack kills 41, wounds 84"
4 detainees escape from city prison in Berlin
"US airstrike in Somalia kills 4 of al-Shabab, destroys bomb"
Forecasters warn Britain may face coldest night of the year
"In a rare move, Army secretary calls for a second review in Medal of Honor case"
Kabul blasts kill more than 40 people at pro-Iranian Shiite cultural center
Trump's unpredictable handshakes baffled world leaders in 2017. They soon adapted.
Italian leader hopes 2018 campaign will avoid fear-mongering
I spent the first year of Trump's presidency visiting one of the world's largest refugee camps. Here's what I saw.
"A 5-year-old Somali girl needs treatment for kidney cancer, but she can't get to the U.S."
Trump's unpredictable handshakes baffled world leaders in 2017. The French president and others soon adapted.
Trump's strange handshakes had allies rattled in 2017. World leaders soon adapted.
Opioid abuse in the U.S. is so bad it's lowering life expectancy. Why hasn't the epidemic hit other countries?
Germany: Afghan teen in custody over fatal stabbing
Trump's strange handshakes rattled allies. World leaders soon adapted.
Roy Moore asks Alabama court for a new election
Protesters arrested in Iran after rally against price hikes
Roy Moore asks Alabama court for a new Senate election
"Massachusetts prosecutors to throw out 8,000 convictions in second drug lab scandal"
Trump's strange handshakes baffled world leaders this year. They learned fast.
Tehran police: No more arrests for flouting dress code
US embassy announces end to visa crisis with Turkey
Putin: Syrian campaign showed off Russia's military might
Rescued sailor claims he spent 7 months lost on Indian Ocean
Ouster of a brutal militia from Libya's smuggling hub chokes off migrant flow
"In a rare move, Army secretary calls for new review in Medal of Honor case in response to errors"
UN: Saudi-led airstrikes in Yemen kill 109 people in 10 days
Trump's strangest moments of 2017
"Roy Moore asks Alabama court to block Doug Jones, call a new Senate election"
Guatemala and Honduras sided with Trump on Jerusalem. Here's why.
President Trump's viral moments of 2017
"The most memorable stories in 2017, as told by foreign correspondents"
Peru's president and rival face questions in corruption case
India lower house approves bill banning instant divorce
Chechnya's leader just got kicked off Instagram because of U.S. sanctions. Why only him?
Islamic State claims responsibility for deadly Kabul attack at Shiite cultural center
Roadside bomb kills senior army officer in Egypt's Sinai
Turkish media report explosion near police station in town in southern Turkey
A look at Islamic State attacks in Afghanistan
"US, Turkey announce end to visa dispute sparked by arrest"
Reports: Explosion hits by police station in southern Turkey
Roy Moore's campaign against the political establishment reaches its natural conclusion
"Bomb kills 6, including army colonel, in Egypt's Sinai"
The real reason Breitbart abandoned 'pro-white' Paul Nehlen
The big problem with Trump's strategy to attack Michael Flynn's credibility: His own mouth
"Explosion hits near police station in Turkey, no one is hurt"
Russia to investigate Putin foe's call for election boycott
The Latest: Trump briefed on Afghanistan attack
Mexican traffickers now shipping endangered fish meat
London to beef up its police presence on New Year's Eve
Red Cross says 16 patients evacuated from Syrian suburb
"Republicans were hoping to move past Roy Moore, but he won't let them"
A top Church of England bishop scolds U.S. evangelicals for 'uncritical' support of Trump
Turkey searches for suspect after blast near police station
Former Russian candy factory owner jailed after shooting
What better way to end the year than by exploring the presidential tweets of 2017?
5 ways to try to lower your tax bill before Jan. 1
The Latest: Italian government sets election for March 4
Liberia's provisional election results show former soccer star Weah poised to win presidency
Alabama certifies Doug Jones's victory over Roy Moore in Senate election
Soccer star Weah poised to win Liberia's presidency
US envoy chides Palestinians for 'ugly' Jerusalem response
Peru president and rival questioned over links to Odebrecht
German party HQ crash driver was angry over microsensus
Deadly attack at Kabul cultural center is latest in terror campaign against Shiites
Deadly attack at Kabul cultural center is latest in terrorist campaign against Shiites
The Latest: Attack on Afghan Shiite center kills 41
These South Carolina residents thought they won big in the lottery. The discovery of a glitch brought them back to reality.
Pregnant woman delivers baby at market - right into the butcher's apron
Federal judge tells Arizona it can't ban Mexican American studies
"Activist Erica Garner, daughter of police chokehold victim, is in a coma after heart attack"
5 simple things to do before Jan. 1 to make your donations go further
Seven unfortunate lessons kids learned from official Washington in 2017
"How to fix the American diet, according to the man who coined the term 'junk food'"
"A woman who married God, a chess-playing priest and 10 more fascinating religious figures who died in 2017"
Here are 6 ordinary heroes of 2017
U.S. and Turkey visa crisis ends after three-month standoff
Police arrest alleged Mexican drug boss in Brazil
"Police release names of mother, her two children and her partner, killed in an act of 'savagery'"
"Taiwan mistakenly prints 200,000 passports featuring the image of Dulles airport"
Italian government sets parliamentary election for March 4
The Latest: White House condemns Afghanistan attack
Trump's 'fake news trophy' contest is now an actual thing
"Nearby asteroid is surprisingly big, as seen by telescope that survived Hurricane Maria"
Driver who allegedly hit German party HQ angry over census
There's still little evidence that Russia's 2016 social-media efforts did much of anything
Mexican legislator killed in western state of Jalisco
