Trump to campaign with Luther Strange in U.S. Senate race in Alabama
Koala survives 10-mile Australia trip in wheel arch
China charges 9 people for dumping toxic waste
"As Norma nears Mexico, Maria becomes new threat to Caribbean"
"Bangladesh restricts Rohingya refugees, starts immunization"
"Ban on North Korean clothing exports will hurt women the most, experts say"
UK police arrest 2nd man in London subway attack case
"Heading to NY, Iran's president 'invites' the US to dinner"
London police say a second man has been arrested in connection with the London subway attack
Roadside bomb kills 5 tribal officials in Pakistan
"Kuwait to expel North Korean ambassador, other diplomats"
Islamic State suicide bombers attack coalition base in Iraq
The world loves Ethiopian pop star Teddy Afro. His own government doesn't.
Afghan officials say bombings kill 6 civilians
Kenya dump dwellers make a living recycling hair extensions
British police arrest second man in connection with London subway attack
The Latest: UK rebukes Trump again for London subway tweet
"Children flee, fight amid Congo's growing Kasai violence"
Philippines: Troops rescue Catholic priest amid battle
Red Cross condemns children's death in recent Yemen shelling
"When pain just won't stop, a specialty program might help"
5 things to know about Germany's Angela Merkel
The Latest: Foster parents own London home being searched
French journalist back home after being detained in Turkey
"UK police, hospital offer help to mother of abandoned baby"
The Latest: Angelina Jolie condemns Myanmar violence
White liberals view police much more favorably than black Democrats
Students have new ways of measuring degrees of success
Roadside bomb kills 6 tribal officials in Pakistan
Philippine troops rescue abducted Catholic priest in battle
"For rappers, wealth doesn't always rhyme with health"
Uproar in Turkey over removing evolution from biology class
Should people without depression take medication to prevent it?
The Latest: UK police search home tied to 2nd bombing arrest
London police search home in suburb of Stanwell linked to arrest of second suspect in subway bombing
Maria a growing threat to storm-battered Caribbean
Russia denies claim of airstrike on US-backed Syrian force
"In a tweet, Trump sticks North Korea's Kim Jong Un with a nickname: 'Rocket Man'"
The Latest: UK raises wounded in London subway bombing to 30
Prosecutor: 4 female US tourists attacked with acid in Marseille's main train station; woman arrested
Kenya's opposition urges reform of electoral commission
Intermittent fasting vs. daily calorie-cutting diets: Both help you lose weight
The Latest: WFP sends relief to Syria's Deir el-Zour by land
Official: 4 US tourists attacked with acid in Marseille
Trump shares GIF of himself striking Hillary Clinton in the back with a golf ball
"The Latest: UK lowers its national threat level to ""severe"""
Spain: Police confiscate trove of posters for Catalan vote
British officials lower the country's terrorist threat level from 'critical' to 'severe'
"McMaster says no redo on Paris climate deal decision, suggests Bannon tried to 'manipulate' Trump"
UK lowers official terrorist threat level after 2nd arrest
The Latest: France: Unclear if acid attack has terror link
Merkel answers questions at children's press conference
"Battling asthma can get harder, and scarier, as you age"
McMaster says no redo on Paris climate deal decision
"Ethiopia: 55,000 people displaced amid ethnic clashes."
The Latest: US consulate in France in touch on acid attack
Traditional real estate brokerage firms get hit by wave of consolidation
Pakistan race to fill ex-premier's seat in parliament is neck and neck
Dubai port operator DP World to pull out of Indonesia
Washington-area appointments and promotions for Sept. 18
Official: 4 US tourists attacked with acid in France
Israeli police arrest 8 in ultra-Orthodox military protest
U.S. considering closing its embassy in Cuba
Jamaica's Violet Brown dies at 117; Japan woman now oldest
"5 dead, 30 injured as fierce storm hits western Romania"
From 'Sleepy Eyes' to 'Rocket Man' - a compendium of belittling nicknames Trump has invented
French prosecutors are not investigating the acid attack on four American women in Marseille as an act of terror
The Latest: French officials don't suspect terror in attack
"In Pakistan, ruling party wins race for ex-premier's seat in parliament"
U.S. and Iran accuse each other of backpedaling on nuclear deal
New storm Maria a growing threat to Irma-slammed Caribbean
"McMaster, Tillerson: Trump is out of Paris Climate Accord, but 'the door is open'"
"Following airstrike, U.S. military moves to establish closer communication with Russian forces in Syria"
"In wake of airstrike, U.S. military moves to establish closer communication with Russian forces in Syria"
"6 dead, 30 injured as fierce storm hits western Romania"
Mexican troops reportedly kill 8 after being ambushed
France: Acid attack on 4 US tourists not seen as terror act
Trump's divisive presidency reshapes a key part of his private business
"8 dead, dozens injured as fierce storm hits western Romania"
The world as we know it is about to end - again - if you believe this biblical doomsday claim
Why this Muslim-turned-Christian speaker resonated with so many before his death at 34
There is no constitutional right to a high-quality public education. Should there be?
The Latest: University: Tourists hurt in France are students
Pakistan ex-PM's wife wins his parliament seat: unofficial
"Boston College says four Americans attacked with acid in France are students studying abroad, doing 'fine, considering.'"
A killing 'woke a lot of people up' at U-Md. What will happen now?
UN chief comes out against Kurdish independence referendum
France: Acid attack on 4 US students not seen as terror act
It's been 50 years since Britain left. Why are so many African judges still wearing wigs?
Knife-wielding campus pride leader killed by police at Georgia Tech
"Four young American tourists are attacked with acid at France train station, authorities say"
The Latest: 4 Boston college students hurt in France attack
"Two apparently random shootings in Baton Rouge could be racially motivated, police say"
UK lowers terror threat level as subway bomb probe advances
New Hurricane Maria growing threat to Irma-slammed Caribbean
"As Persian Gulf crisis persists, alarm in Washington deepens"
U.S. and Iran accuse each other of backsliding on nuclear deal
Rhino horn is smuggled from South Africa in trinket form
Senate Republicans look to revive effort to repeal Obamacare by end of September
Hurricane Maria heads for Leeward Islands
RTs = endorsements? Trump's retweets of outlandish memes a signal to his base
U.S. warns that time is running out for peaceful solution with North Korea
Report cards: 'P' is for perplexing. Traditional grades make a comeback.
St. Louis cleans up after weekend demonstrations
Protests erupt in St. Louis after former officer who shot black driver was acquitted
"Four American college students are attacked with acid at France train station, authorities say"
"After single payer failed, Vermont embarks on a big health care experiment"
Hard to spot: criminals find new ways to smuggle rhino horns
