Trump Twitter bombs and a negotiating standoff: How NAFTA talks could fail
Invisible wounds of Las Vegas shooting could affect tens of thousands
The Latest: Hurricane planes find Nate growing stronger
Montgomery substitute teacher charged with sex abuse of student
'The story of U-Va. is the story of America': U-Va. launches celebration of its bicentennial
"7 dead, 1 injured in military helicopter crash in Mexico"
"In Pacific, rising tensions evoke troubling nuclear legacy"
"Mexican ex-first lady leaves party, hints at independent run"
Top focus in Japan election: Will Tokyo governor run?
Final vote count in New Zealand election tightens close race
VP Mike Pence tours islands wrecked by Hurricane Maria
Nate upgraded to a hurricane as it barrels toward flood-prone New Orleans
Filipino wanted in US terror plots stands accused at home
"Hurricane Nate forms, heads to central Gulf of Mexico"
Bangladesh PM says government will continue to help Rohingya
Hurricane Nate forms as it heads toward central Gulf of Mexico packing maximum sustained winds of up to 80 mph
Iraq's ex-President Talabani buried in Kurdish region
Death toll rises to 24 in Pakistan shrine suicide bombing
Rector of Legion-run seminary leaving after fathering 2 kids
Danish police say they have found body parts including decapitated head of female journalist in submarine case
"Danish police find head, other body parts in submarine case"
Christians and Yazidis see a bleak future in a proposed independent Kurdish state
Member of Catalan govt wants 'cease-fire' with Spain
The Latest: Hurricane Nate moving fast over Gulf of Mexico
Iran president: 10 Trumps can't roll back nuke deal benefits
Turkey president announces operation in northern Syria
Russian-inspired party aims to revitalize Cyprus politics
Supporters of Russian opposition leader rally across Russia
The war in Afghanistan messed with my head. Here's how I found peace - and hope.
Police bodycam shows officer fatally shoot a man who ran. Prosecutors say it was justified.
"From cloud nine to climate change, here's why you should always look up"
Libyan authorities recover bodies of Copts beheaded in 2015
Supporters of opposition leader Navalny rally across Russia
Dear Democrats: It's time to stop dwelling on the popular vote
Australian delegation travels to Rome amid sex abuse scandal
Rights groups urge UNESCO to reject Egypt's nominee
TMZ's Harvey Levin might have the most important new show on Fox News
"3 charged in mysterious, failed attack on Paris building"
The Latest: Hurricane Nate gains strength over central Gulf
Norwegians won't cause landslide in unstable mountain
"Thousands demand Spanish, Catalan leaders to negotiate"
The 'ironic' friendship that convinced a former neo-Nazi to erase his swastika tattoos
Egypt welcomes lifting of US sanctions on Sudan
The Latest: Trump approves Louisiana emergency declaration
Trump says he called Schumer to broker deal with Democrats for 'a great HealthCare Bill'
News quiz: 10 questions from the big stories of the week
Turkish minister hopes to repair relations with Germany
Poles hold national prayer for peace at borders and sea
Six important questions about you and all the drugs you take
US Gulf Coast braces for fast-approaching Hurricane Nate
Bananapocalypse: The race to save the world's most popular fruit
Divers find more remains of journalist in case involving Danish inventor
Shifting attitudes among Democrats have big implications for 2020
"If you exercise a lot, you probably think your heart is in good shape. Maybe not."
Navalny supporters rally across Russia on Putin's birthday
Emergency workers in London after car hits pedestrians
London police: Emergency services at Natural History Museum after reports that a car has struck pedestrians
Brush up on your math history with this weirdly fascinating blog
Iran's ex-president Khatami banned from public ceremonies
Poles pray for peace at border; some see anti-Muslim agenda
Car hits pedestrians outside London museum; some injured
Police find head and legs of journalist believed slain on submarine
3 German tourists killed in traffic accident in Turkey
Zimbabwe's Mugabe says he may shuffle Cabinet next week
The Latest: Forecast: Nate to be Cat 2 hurricane at landfall
"What Vanderbilt, Northwestern and other elite colleges don't say about acceptance rates"
Older adults more likely to disclose suicidal thoughts as they age
"A light amid the darkness, a Puerto Rico church stands up as its community struggles"
"Thousands demand that Spanish, Catalan leaders negotiate"
The Latest: Oil and gas platforms
The strange and deadly saga of 15 circus cats' final week in America
Victims of Las Vegas massacre struggle to recover from crippling injuries nearly a week later
The Latest: London mayor: Some injured in museum car crash
The Latest: Tropical storm warning issued for Alabama
Turkey's president announces operation in Syria's Idlib
The Latest: Police experts photograph London crash site
Navalny backers rally across Russia on Putin's 65th birthday
"London Ambulance Service says 11 people injured in museum car incident, most with leg and head injuries"
The Latest: People fled museum area in panic after car crash
"Afghan president, U.S. general vow ambitious air war to defeat Taliban"
The Latest: Louisiana cuts early voting short for hurricane
The Latest: London Ambulance: 11 injured in museum car crash
Scalise and McCain faced death in the mirror. It didn't change their views on two major policy issues.
London police: Car accident that injured 11 outside the Natural History Museum is not related to terror.
Why police have to guard a statue of Christopher Columbus in New York around the clock
The Latest: Police: London crash that hurt 11 is not terror
A woman was found dead in a hotel freezer. Medical examiners say it was an accident.
"Police: Car crash in London is traffic accident, not terror"
The Latest: Governors implore residents to brace for storm
The Latest: Oil platforms shut as storm churns through Gulf
Pentagon identifies fourth U.S. soldier slain in Niger ambush
Protesters rally across Russia on Putin's 65th birthday
Attack on Saudi palace in Jiddah kills 2 royal guards
"The Latest: Alabama, Mississippi begin to see storm impacts"
"'We still live in its long shadows': a war, race, past and present tense"
This coal lobbyist once wrote Trump was a 'bully.' Now he's the nominee for EPA's No. 2 spot.
"Substitute teacher charged with sex abuse of student in Montgomery County, Md."
Poles pray en masse at border; Some see anti-Muslim agenda
"Trump on North Korea: 'Sorry, but only one thing will work!'"
The lives lost in the Las Vegas shooting rampage
"'Today, we are all Vegas strong': Pence pays tribute to the lives lost in Las Vegas"
'Heroes give us hope': Pence pays tribute Las Vegas shooting victims
Deportations from the interior of the United States are rising under Trump
"Rats used to spread the black death. Now, it's poverty."
Civilian casualties spiral in Syria as air raids target areas marked for cease fire
The Latest: Hurricane Nate heads to mouth of Mississippi
"In a switch, GOP deserts its budget-cutting mantra"
Hurricane Nate speeds toward US Gulf Coast landfall
Trump on reports of Harvey Weinstein sexually harassing women: 'I'm not at all surprised.'
Trump on reports of Harvey Weinstein sexually harassing women: 'I'm not at all surprised'
Official: Ghana gas station explosions kill number of people
Ghana government official says a gas tanker explosion at a gas-filling station has left a number of casualties.
Hurricane Nate approaches the Gulf Coast
"Rats used to spread the black death. Now, poverty plays a role."
"Showgirls, casinos and chapel weddings: Las Vegas snaps back after deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history"
"Hurricane Nate pelts Gulf Coast with strong winds, heavy rain as residents brace for landfall"
The Latest: Boaters have to be rescued as Nate approaches
