"On Capitol Hill, the political price of sexual misconduct claims has varied widely"
2 top US officials pledge more help for Puerto Rico
Army struggles with the complexities of prosecuting a retired general accused of rape
Biologists record the machine-gun sound of the loudest known fish
Army struggles with 30-year-old rape allegations against retired general
The Republican tax bill was the easy part. The next debate could be much uglier.
Two undocumented pregnant teens in custody appear on track to obtain abortions
"'He's not weak, is he?': Inside Trump's quest to alter the judiciary"
Republicans close to passing tax bill despite late snag
This baby was born from an embryo frozen 24 years ago
FBI involved with airport blackout probe; no sign of terror
Baked Alaska: 49th state is having an insanely warm December
AP Exclusive: Pulp giant's makeover obscures supplier ties
12 killed as bus carrying foreign tourists crashes in Mexico
So much for NAFTA: Mexico looks to Europe and beyond for free-trade allies
Mexican journalist shot dead at primary school holiday party
She finally had a baby naturally - with a 24-year-old frozen embryo.
12 cruise ship passengers dead after bus crashes in Mexico
"House plans spy bill vote, but faces significant hurdles"
"'How the Grinch Stole Middle Class Tax Cuts,' Democrat's Xmas story warms few hearts on House floor"
Bill de Blasio to Iowa Democrats: Move left and win
Virginia's House is split 50-50. Here's how they can break the gridlock
Republicans close to passing tax overhaul
Virginia's House is split 50-50. Here's how they can break the gridlock.
"Church official: Cardinal Law, disgraced ex-archbishop of Boston and central figure in church's sex abuse crisis, dies"
Rogue Venezuela cop surfaces in online video showing attack
Philippine president declares Christmas truce with rebels
Abandoned pets swamp shelters in post-hurricane Puerto Rico
Schumer: GOP tax bill is 'an absolute disgrace'
GOP tax bill passes Senate as House prepares to send it to Trump
Senate Republicans pass GOP tax bill
Catalonia's latest election may have no winners
The Latest: Victims' lawyer says Law's death reopens wounds
AP Exclusive: Pulp giant tied to companies accused of fires
Myanmar investigates 10 bodies found in grave in Rakhine
"AP analysis of Iraq morgue records shows 9,000 to 11,000 civilians died in battle to free Mosul from Islamic State group"
American says he escaped Indonesian jail due to extortion
Conservation group says Japan aiding in illegal ivory trade
Greece: At least 7 injured in migrant detention center fight
"9,000-plus dead in Mosul: Cost to oust Islamic State group"
Somalis on US deportation flight shackled for days: Lawsuit
"Top court says EU governments can regulate Uber as a transport company, in new blow to ride service"
The Latest: Victims say they won't mourn Law
South Korea asks U.S. to delay joint military drills until after the Winter Olympics
Toyota says it sold 10.35 million vehicles this year
Syrian activists and rescuers say at least 17 people have been killed in airstrikes in a rebel-held village
"EU Court: If sorbet tastes like it, pop the Champagne name"
Activists: Airstrikes in rebel-held Syrian village killed 17
Long journeys and unforgettable encounters: Foreign correspondents share their most memorable tales
Vatican envoy: Unilateral moves on Jerusalem threaten peace
A Himalayan city once deafened by car horns has now gone blissfully quiet
Kenya's economy suffers after presidential election turmoil
East Timor parliament rejects government budget second time
The Latest: Pope doesn't immediately comment on Law's death
Putin: Public man who is reserved even by Russian standards
Sri Lanka defends Ceylon tea after Russian ban
No decision yet on Russia's participation in Paralympics
A model lost her leg because of an infection from tampons. Here's what she wants you to know.
This model lost her leg because of toxic shock syndrome. Here's what she wants you to know.
Turkey's leader slams UAE over 'forefathers' retweet
House committees demand interview with top FBI officials over Clinton email probe
"In first TV interview, Harvey Weinstein's former assistant discusses his 'overarching need for power'"
Catalonia's divided residents head to the polls again
European court: EU rules don't cover Sharia law divorces
Federal agency reports show 'continuum of harm' from workplace sexual misconduct
12 killed after bus carrying cruise ship passengers crashes in Mexico
Catalonia will vote tomorrow. None of the 3 possible outcomes looks very stable.
Egyptian forces clash with militants near Sinai airport
"Polish news agency PAP says European Union triggers Article 7, a procedure that could result in sanctions against Poland"
Turkish FM will vote on Jerusalem at UN General Assembly
What makes some men sexual harassers? Science tries to explain the Harvey Weinsteins of the world.
Polish justice minister insists Poland will continue to 'reform' justice system despite EU censure
Report: EU takes unprecedented step against Poland
An atypical election likely to extend Catalonia's suffering
New blow for Uber as top EU court says it's a taxi company
"The Energy 202: Energy Department pressing pause on rules to make your appliances more efficient, critics charge"
Court bans Dutch arm of Bandidos motorcycle gang
"European Commission confirms it has triggered article 7 against Poland, a step that could lead to sanctions"
Man accused of plotting to kill UK's May to face trial
What makes some men sexual harassers? Science tries to explain the creeps of the world.
The Latest: Poland vows to continue with judicial overhaul
Man who shared Prince George photo to go on terrorism trial
Iran sentences former vice president to 63 years in prison
The Finance 202: The next fight over the GOP tax package is just around the corner
House committees demand interviews with top FBI officials over Clinton email probe
Pet brokers are leasing puppies - and people are feeling scammed
Philippine navy chief removed for questioning frigate deal
The Latest: Palestinian leader in Saudi Arabia amid turmoil
German prosecutors say Afghan Taliban suspect arrested
Sweden to move toward consent law
Amid #MeToo movement and fear of immigrants Sweden proposes tough sexual assault law
"Sweden proposes tough sexual assault law amid #MeToo movement and fear of immigrants,"
The Latest: SNAP: No 'celebratory focus' for Law's funeral
"The Latest: Serbia, Croatia arrest 17 for smuggling migrants"
The Health 202: The tax overhaul is actually a big win for insurers and drugmakers
The Daily 202: The tax bill is likely to become more popular after passage. Here's how Republicans plan to sell it.
Sweden proposes tough sexual assault law amid #MeToo movement and fear of immigrants
Pakistan to allow family visit for jailed Indian officer
UN calls for calm in Iraq's Kurdish region amid protests
Sarah Huckabee Sanders: Americans don't approve of Trump because of media coverage
"Cost to oust Islamic State from Mosul: 9,000+ civilians dead"
"Saudi, Lebanon diplomats caught in diplomatic tussle"
Zimbabwe's new leader vows to open country to investors
EU takes step that could lead to sanctions against Poland
'You feel that the devil is helping you': MS-13's satanic history
Uber was just dealt a major blow by the European Union
What's behind the feud between Saudi Arabia and Iran? Power.
Germany concerned at Russia withdrawal from Ukraine monitors
The Latest: Francis sends condolences over Law's death
The Latest: Polish ruling party says EU measures 'political'
Islamic State claims attack on airport in Egypt's Sinai
Kenya watchdog says 92 people killed in election violence
Pussy Riot activist detained during protest in Moscow
Greenpeace calls for investigation into Sinarmas dealings
The Latest: Hungary vows to stand by Poland in EU review
EU takes historical step threatening Poland with sanctions
French prime minister says pricy private flight only option
Sweden moves to require explicit consent for sex
"Wine glasses used to be tiny. Now, the average one holds over half a bottle."
Macedonia opposition party plans to block borders as protest
Netanyahu ally resigns as coalition whip amid police probe
10 key takeaways from the Republican tax bill
The Latest: Romania says it too may see EU sanctions for law
Court: Sorbet can be called 'Champagne' if it tastes like it
"The Latest: Turk, Palestinian FMs accuse US of intimidation"
Republicans are about to pass a tax bill. Democrats think they're signing their death certificate.
The surprising thing Google learned about its employees - and what it means for today's students
"Mexico officials: 8 Americans, 2 Swedes, 1 Canadian, 1 Mexican among dead in Mexico tour bus crash"
Putin says Russia's spy agencies prevented 60 terror attacks
The Latest: Prime minister: Poland 'devoted to rule of law'
US envoy says Trump will take vote on Jerusalem 'personally'
Republicans are about to pass a tax bill. Democrats think the GOP is signing its death certificate.
Republicans just got a big tax win but there could be trouble ahead
The Latest: Head of US bishops group praying for the abused
Last-minute change to GOP endowment tax ensnares a college that Republicans uphold as a model for affordability
French prosecutors name same suspect in 2 murder cases
"Poland's president says he has signed two laws that put courts under political control, subject of EU review."
Rogue Venezuela cop reappears in online video showing attack
What the Republican tax bill actually does
Beware the 'Trump on the rise' narrative
The Latest: Polish president to OK laws subject of EU review
"Congo forces backed deadly militia violence, report says"
CORRECTS: Poland's president says he will sign two laws that put courts under political control
Ukraine worried about Russia's pullout from monitoring team
Burkina Faso's government suspends trade with North Korea
FedEx says new tax cuts could boost annual profits by $1.3B
E.U. pursues unprecedented action against Poland in a sign of escalating tensions
Swiss executive opposes nationwide ban on face coverings
Brazil's Lula says he'll be a candidate until court bans him
"The Latest: Boston lawyer, 2 abused lash out at Cardinal Law"
Filling millions of shoe boxes of toys for poor kids seems like a great idea. Here's why it's not.
The Latest: Polish president defends laws despite EU warning
Dutch Cabinet wants no referendum on law to end referendums
The Latest: US citizens confirmed dead in Mexico crash
Trump says he might soon visit border wall prototypes near San Diego
The GOP tax bill is business as usual in America's unequal democracy
Doug Jones faces pressure to hire minorities for his Senate staff
GOP tax bill passes Congress
Turkey wants to imprison Knicks' Enes Kanter for more than four years over presidential insults
The Latest: Hungarian party: Poland rebuke tied to migration
Germany: Man suspected of planning attack as IS member
"6 missing aid workers in South Sudan now safe, UN says"
Trump calls tax vote 'a historic victory'
"Rome paid $57,000 for a very sad Christmas tree that locals nicknamed 'toilet brush'"
Ethics watchdog says Canada PM Trudeau broke conflict rules
UN chief says conflicts today average more than 20 years
"Russian spy agencies prevented 60 terror attacks, Putin says"
"Six reasons, besides bias, that explain negative media coverage of the Republican tax bill"
Trump just admitted the GOP's tax cuts were deceptively sold
Who gains and who loses under the GOP's tax bill
5-year-old calls 911 to report that Grinch plans to steal Christmas
Poor Bill O'Reilly: His accusers are teaming up against him
Polish president signs laws that led to EU sanction threat
An 'E!' anchor found out she earns half what her male co-host makes. So she quit.
Americans among 12 killed in bus crash during Mexican cruise excursion
Democrats are surging in 2018 congressional polling
"GOP leaders eye another shutdown-averting stopgap, punting big decisions into January"
"With tax bill headed to his desk, Trump and his Cabinet celebrate a 'middle-class miracle'"
Pence praises Trump for tax plan
How 'Sesame Street' will help Syrian refugee children and their families
An 'E! News' anchor found out she earns half what her male co-host makes. So she quit.
NTSB says train that wrecked was going 80 mph in a 30 mph zone
New blow for Uber: Top EU court likens it to taxi service
Trump threatens countries who vote against the U.S. at the United Nations
Key NSA surveillance program's reauthorization hits roadblock in Congress
A quiet final night for Trump SoHo caps a tumultuous year for the president's company
"In Cabinet meeting, Pence praises Trump once every 12 seconds for three minutes straight"
Peru's president faces impeachment over corruption allegations
The Latest: Royal Caribbean says it won't provide more info
Democrats ready year-long assault against tax cut package
Uganda lawmakers pass contentious 'life presidency' bill
Mexican state prosecutor: Bus crash that killed 12 caused by driver's negligence and excess of speed
"Israel, US team up to block UN vote on Jerusalem"
Scientists just presented a sweeping new estimate of how much humans have altered the planet
The Latest: Deadly Mexican bus crash caused by negligence
The Latest: Bishop says Cardinal Bernard Law was kind
South Korea asks U.S. to delay joint military drills until after the Olympics
France: Suspect in girl's murder eyed in soldier's slaying
Iran state TV: 5.2 magnitude earthquake strikes near capital
He thought a book would stop a bullet. Now his girlfriend is going to jail for killing him.
Puerto Rico fears economic downturn from tax reform bill
Franken to resign Jan. 2 over sexual misconduct allegations
Powerful pro-Trump think tank names first black female president
The Latest: Polish president says critics in EU are 'lying'
Key ally of British prime minister resigns amid porn scandal
Killing of Mexico journalist draws int'l condemnation
UK First Secretary of State Damian Green resigns amid allegations of pornography found on office computer in 2008.
"'Twenty is a pretty number.' In tax debate, Trump played the role of marketer-in-chief"
Could Trump's 2016 tax return be under audit already?
Scientists just presented a sweeping new estimate of how much humans have transformed the planet
"No, the Trump administration didn't make the economy great again"
NASA is down to two choices for a future mission: Land a flying robot on Titan or snatch a piece of a comet
Puerto Rico fears economic downturn from new tax overhaul
"Cost of victory in Mosul: More than 9,000 civilians dead"
Warner: 'Constitutional crisis' could arise if Trump fired Mueller
Ryan hits morning news circuit to tout tax plan
"No, the Trump administration didn't make the economy great again all on its own"
"Anti-Israel protests in Berlin, by immigrants, dismay German officials"
U.S. threatens countries with loss of aid over U.N. Jerusalem vote
The Latest: Cardinal Law's successor dodges heaven question
"South Africa ruling party leader says ANC must halt graft, other abuses 'within our own ranks'"
South Africa's new ANC leader vows unity for weakened party
"'Twenty is a pretty number.' In tax debate, Trump played the role of marketer in chief"
Catalonia votes again Thursday. The tight race could deal another blow to Madrid.
U.S. threatens countries with loss of aid over U.N. vote on Jerusalem
Anti-Israel protests in Berlin dismay German officials
E.U. pursues unprecedented action against Poland in a sign of escalating tensions with its right-wing government
Trump threatens Jerusalem opponents with US funding cutoff
The Latest: South Africa's new party leader: Graft must end
3 opposition parties in Venezuela blocked from elections
Republican senators show little urgency to pass law protecting Mueller
"Trump stands to save millions under new tax measure, experts say"
Betsy DeVos takes action on backlog of student debt relief claims
"Pentagon releases detailed policy for recruiting transgender troops, roiling legal fight over Trump's ban"
Republicans celebrate their tax bill - and heap praise on Trump
"Judge declares mistrial in case against rancher Cliven Bundy, sons and militiaman"
South Africa's ANC leader vows to fight graft in 'own ranks'
Murder of Mexico journalist draws international condemnation
