"U.S. will expand counterterrorism focus in Africa, Mattis tells senators"
Video shows Kelly made inaccurate claims about lawmaker in feud over Trump's condolence call
Here are the four-star generals Donald Trump has publicly bashed
Japan votes: Incumbent PM Abe appears headed to victory
A black protester hugged a white nationalist outside Richard Spencer's talk. 'Why do you hate me?' he asked.
Chinese power over North Korea? It's more myth than reality
Who is to blame for rising tuition prices at public colleges?
"Georgia lawmaker, wife of ex-HHS Secretary Tom Price, asks about quarantining HIV patients"
US says vote likely Monday on Syrian chemical weapons probe
Officials say dead from Kabul mosque attack rises to 39
King's legacy still felt strongly as Thailand bids goodbye
The Latest: IS claims responsibility for Kabul bomb attack
China supports Myanmar 'safeguarding peace and stability'
"Will Trump release the final JFK assassination documents? As deadline looms, pressure grows."
Early morning rocket attacks hit near NATO compound in Kabul's 'Green Zone'
Germany: Police say several people stabbed in Munich
The Latest: Pakistan condemns mosque attacks in Afghanistan
Spanish Cabinet meets to revoke self-government in Catalonia
Pakistan official: Bodies of 4 recovered from caved-in mine
Kenya: Helicopter plunges into lake after hotel takeoff
'They started to burn our houses': Ethnic strife in Ethiopia threatens a key U.S. ally
"Police say 4 people stabbed in Munich, assailant flees"
Landslide in northern Malaysia kills 3; 11 more trapped
Spain ready to take control of Catalonia to stop secession
"With single weekly flight, remote St. Helena extends welcome"
US commanders stress 'ironclad' commitment to defend SKorea
Czechs vote in parliamentary election for second day
Syria says Israel struck army position near Golan Heights
IS claims responsibility for Afghan mosque attack
'We're not just random people': How George W. Bush connected with those he sent to war
WHO chief selects Zimbabwe's Mugabe as 'goodwill ambassador'
Polls indicate Japanese PM Abe headed for easy victory
"The Latest: Munich police arrest suspect, say motive unknown"
Man with knife stabs 4 people in Munich; arrest made
Dozens of Egyptian police killed in raid on suspected militant base
Kenya helicopter carrying 5 plunges into lake after takeoff
Egypt officials say at least 55 security troops killed in attack outside Cairo
Man with knife attacks 4 people in Munich; arrest made
Egyptian officials say 55 police killed in Cairo shootout
Spain's prime minister blames separatists for pushing government to take unprecedented measures in Catalonia
Spain demands Catalonia elect new leaders weeks after region voted for independence
"Spanish prime minister says government is seeking unprecedented constitutional authority to ""restore order"" in Catalonia"
Spain's Rajoy proposes having central government ministers assume powers of Catalan regional officials
"Spain's leader says government is not revoking Catalonia's autonomy, only removing regional officials who violated law"
Shock as Zimbabwe's Mugabe named WHO 'goodwill ambassador'
Spain's Rajoy says he wants permission to dissolve Catalonia's government and to call an early election
Stephen Bannon takes fierce aim at George W. Bush in wake of speech seen as critical of President Trump
Egyptian officials say 54 police killed in Egypt attack
Foreigners who joined IS faced almost certain death in Raqqa
The Trump White House's increasingly authoritarian response to criticism
Listen: Reveal podcast on the DEA and the opioid epidemic
Trump authorizes release of JFK assassination documents despite concerns from federal agencies
Abducted female Pakistani journalist returned home
The Latest: No terror motive seen in Munich stabbings
The cascade of missteps that turned one White House error into a messy week
Trump takes another shot at 'wacky' Florida congresswoman who criticized his condolence call
It's Medicare open enrollment time. Here's what you need to know.
Man with knife attacks 8 people in Munich; suspect arrested
Syria troops capture central town recently taken by IS
Spanish PM seeks Senate backing to take over Catalonia govt
Pakistan: 7 bodies recovered from collapsed mine
New Kennedy assassination documents: What will they tell us?
Hundreds of Romanians rally in support of civil partnerships
The Latest: Centrist Babis leads early results in Czech vote
"'The president's wingman': Absent in the West Wing, Bannon stays close to Trump"
Attack outside Afghan military academy kills 15
"Polish man confesses to deadly knife attack, prosecutor says"
"News quiz: Around the world and far, far beyond"
26 hours to race up Mt. Everest? It's part of a new running trend of 'Fastest Known Time.'
Belarusian opposition activists rally urging leader to go
Some common causes for aching feet and how to treat them
Czech Republic sees shift to the right in parliamentary vote
Tillerson's Mideast aim is a Saudi-Iraqi axis against Iran
"The story behind nature's killers: Deadly volcanoes, hurricanes and floods"
US: DNA test confirms top Filipino terror suspect is dead
"54 Egyptian police killed in ambush, say officials"
The Latest: US condemns Mugabe role as 'goodwill ambassador'
Malta offers $1.18 million to discover who killed reporter
"For some veterans, John Kelly's remarks add to a worrying military-civilian divide"
The uplifting story of a determined trio who improved health care in poor nations
Spanish PM aims to take over Catalan govt; residents aghast
New Zealand's new leader impresses by answering the phone
13 soldiers killed in latest attack on Niger's military
"Senators say #MeToo: McCaskill, others share their stories of sexual harassment"
DeVos rescinds 72 guidance documents outlining rights for disabled students
"Belarusian opposition activists rally, urging leader to go"
Somalia readies for 'state of war' as death toll up to 358
"Robert Mugabe, under sanction for human rights abuses, is named a WHO 'goodwill ambassador'"
The Latest: Czech vote sees big win for populist billionaire
Q&#038;A: Rep. Frederica Wilson details the problems with Trump's condolence call and the Kelly clean up
"To learn how to say New Zealand leader's name, just call her"
"A newly discovered moon tunnel could be the perfect place for a colony, scientists say"
"In gritty city outside Caracas, the story of a socialist win"
Populist billionaire's party wins big in Czech Republic
The Latest: WHO chief 'rethinking' Mugabe ambassador post
WHO chief now 'rethinking' Mugabe 'goodwill ambassador' post
"Trump pledges at least $430,000 of his own money to help cover aides' legal costs related to Russia probes"
"Donor eggs, sperm banks and the quest for 'good' genes"
"Catalan leader says Spanish PM Rajoy's attempt to ""humiliate"" Catalonia is an ""attack on democracy"""
"Catalan leader makes veiled independence threat, tells lawmakers to counter Spain's planned takeover"
"Cigarette taxes are the best way to cut smoking, scaring Big Tobacco"
"Trump calls Rep. Wilson 'wacky,' stoking the controversy over condolence calls"
Trump plans to release final batch of JFK files
"For Austria's Muslims, country's hard-right turn is an ominous sign"
The Latest: Canada PM 1st thought Mugabe post was 'bad joke'
Trump says Russian-bought Facebook ads were 'tiny' compared with U.S. 'fake news'
"'My pain is everyday': After Weinstein's fall, Trump accusers wonder why not him"
"'Trump just keeps merrily going along': For Trump accusers, nothing has changed"
"'My pain is everyday': After Weinstein's fall, Trump accusers wonder: Why not him?"
A homework-free weekend? Relief for time-starved high school students.
You can thank Oliver Stone's sensationalized 1991 movie for the JFK document release
"Police used a Taser on a granddad, who's now in intensive care. They say it was for his safety."
Women's military memorial marks 20th anniversary with tributes to those who broke ground
"Police used a Taser on a grandfather, who's now in intensive care. They say it was for his safety."
"Funeral held for Sgt. La David Johnson, fallen soldier caught in Trump call controversy"
Democrats ban some corporate donations while approving controversial new member list
University of Baltimore recruits top talent from historically black colleges
