Trump aide Hope Hicks to resign amid personal tumult and Russia probe
"Two days into his presidency, Trump's senior staff was sworn in. Half are now gone."
"A brief history of Alaska Rep. Don Young's incendiary remarks (all right, it's a long history)"
These are the corruption allegations that may have gotten a Slovak journalist killed
Mueller investigation examining Trump's apparent efforts to oust Sessions in July
Peru president signaled for taking money from Odebrecht
Top aide to VA chief Shulkin said to have advocated his ouster
The Trump White House is a place where turmoil never ends
Senate revives NATO observer mission after decade-long hiatus
Trump surprises lawmakers in backing some tougher gun controls
Young Americans are tired of partisanship. Germany's millennials push for more.
Top aide to VA chief Shulkin is said to have advocated his ouster
NTSB pushes for new safety measures along rail corridors in report on S.C. Amtrak crash
Teacher arrested after police say he fired gun in classroom
"Interior Department forces out assistant who frequently shared falsehoods about Obama, Clinton and minorities"
Asian shares lower as sentiments get dragged by Wall Street
"Australian amnesty nets 57,000 firearms and rocket launcher"
Teen charged with federal hate crimes in threats received by Jewish facilities
Weingarten to Trump: You met with labor bosses on trade. Now meet with leaders of teachers unions.
Billy Graham is the first religious leader to lie in honor at the U.S. Capitol. Some say he should be the last.
Officials: Indian fire kills 2 Pakistani soldiers in Kashmir
Fellow Nobel laureates blame Suu Kyi for Rohingya crisis
Companies look to China's legislature for economic reforms
Bali bombers' spiritual leader hospitalized in Indonesia
Venezuela's Maduro hollows out his nation
Companies look to China's legislature for quicker reforms
Australia working through 'difficult issues' with China
Protesting war veterans block main highways in Bosnia
'Hey Yeong-mi': South Korean businesses join curling craze
Asian shares mixed as China recovers from Wall Street drag
Shubhankar Sharma on a fast track from India
USAID says govt puts obstacles to its work in Azerbaijan
Geneva airport temporarily shut after snowfall blankets city
"After Olympics, South Korea mulls reviving bulldozed forest"
German court convicts man of anti-Christian stabbing spree
Sex slave issue: South Korean leader Moon criticizes Japan
Putin vows to focus on improving living standards
EU chief seeks answers after UK rejects Irish border plan
"The Latest: Snow disrupts France, even on southern beaches"
Could U.N. peacekeepers help end the war in Ukraine?
"A brief history of Rep. Don Young's incendiary remarks. (All right, it's a long history.)"
Israel's battle between religious and secular Jews escalates with ban on Saturday shopping
President Vladimir Putin says Russia has tested an array of new nuclear weapons invulnerable to enemy intercept
Health of world's last male northern white rhino in decline
Police raid houses owned by alleged Italian mafia
Reports: China plans to build nuclear aircraft carrier
The Latest: Snow causes major disruption across Britain
Why did Hope Hicks resign? Even the good option looks bad.
What Italy's economic woes mean for Sunday's vote
"Questions linger about how Melania Trump, a Slovenian model, scored 'the Einstein visa'"
Indonesia police break up Islamist cyber network promoting extremism
Putin claims Russia has nuclear arsenal capable of avoiding missile defenses
"China's Xi sets himself up to govern for life, and 5 other global stories you might have missed"
AP PHOTOS: Colors come out as Hindus celebrate Holi festival
"Snow and wind paralyze European airports, trap drivers"
French lawmakers want 90-euro fines for sexist catcalls
Eurozone unemployment edges down to lowest in over 9 years
Vatican magazine denounces nuns' servitude
Silence made Hope Hicks intriguing
This is why Indian immigrants won't benefit from Trump's immigration plan
Denver mayor sent suggestive messages to police detective: 'You look sexy in all that black!'
Indonesia police break up radical Islamic cyber network provoking extremism
"Norway and Australia move forward with new gun control measures, as U.S. debate rages on"
The Spice Girls are invited to Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's wedding. Here's what else we know.
Putin boasts of new Russian nuclear weapons
"Putin boasts of new weapons, vows to boost living standards"
US-based Uighur journalist says China detained 20 relatives
"With no more deadline, Congress has stopped talking about immigration"
The Daily 202: Trump's rejection of due process for gun owners points to his disdain for the rule of law
The Energy 202: Environmentalists want to know if smaller Utah monument benefits state lawmaker
Republican super PAC warns Democratic voters that their candidate supports gun rights
The surprising consequence of lowering the voting age
"Most Americans think Trump is racist, according to a new poll"
"Someone forged a Nobel Peace Prize nomination of Trump, Norwegian officials say"
Mennonite woman jailed for refusing on religious grounds to testify in death-penalty case
"As U.S. gun debate rages on, Australians hand in 57,000 firearms and Norway is set for broad ban"
EU aspirants from Balkans urged to get on with reforms
Global stocks turn lower as investors watch Fed comments
French far-right leader Marine Le Pen charged over IS photos
Poland to demote communist-era generals to rank of privates
Exxon Mobil withdraws from Russia deal due to sanctions
Is Jared Kushner using the White House as his own personal boardroom?
The Health 202: Many don't buy Trump administration's anti-poverty Medicaid argument
The Finance 202: Kushner is Exhibit A of why banking deregulation may be tough sell
West Virginia teachers traded classrooms for picket lines. Here's how that impacted parents.
Teacher arrested after police say he fired gun in classroom; students safe
Indonesia police break up radical Islamist cyber network provoking extremism
A teenager allegedly tried to kill Queen Elizabeth in 1981. Police suspect a coverup.
"Vietnamese immigrants are stuck in limbo, detained indefinitely, lawsuit says"
Catalan separatists keep up fight against Spanish government
Hack of German government network caused considerable damage
UK scraps plans for new inquiry into media wrongdoing
Person using stolen identity nominates Trump for Peace Prize
Nearly half of white Americans think Trump is racist
Why are white people so much less willing to describe Trump as racist?
Man emerges from underneath New York subway car unscathed - and unconcerned
"As U.S. gun debate rages on, Australians hand in 57,000 firearms, and Norway is set for a broad ban"
The Latest: FBI helping Slovakia over slaying of journalist
US stock indexes waver as markets wait on Fed chairman
The Latest: Winter storm halts all flights in Dublin
"UN official: Pauses in Syria suburb unilateral, 'not enough'"
German top court overturns murder verdict in drag-race case
"Hope Hicks refused to tell House panel if she had lied for senior Trump officials, lawmakers say"
What Russia's newly announced nuclear systems actually mean
The most-pro-NRA president in recent history arguably doesn't need the NRA anymore
John Kelly jokes (?) that 'God punished' him when he left DHS to be Trump's chief of staff
Senate panel will hold March 14 hearing on lapses surrounding Parkland massacre
Three Italians were named in a dead journalist's last story. Now they've been detained.
Why Silvio Berlusconi looks like stability to many Italians
Stock indexes waver as investors parse Fed chief's comments
2 Syrian refugees on trial in Germany on terrorism charges
Slovak police raid houses owned by alleged Italian mafia
Inquiry: UK must compensate child migrant program survivors
Bangladesh accuses Myanmar of deploying troops at border
Pakistan says 'unprovoked' Indian attack kills 3 in Kashmir
"Senate panel will hold March 14 hearing on lapses surrounding massacre in Parkland, Fla."
A semi-serious list of potential replacements for Hope Hicks
The most pro-NRA president in recent history arguably doesn't need the NRA anymore
"A powerful storm is gearing up to slam the Northeast, and it could topple records"
"For many mass shooters, armed guards aren't a deterrent, they're part of the fantasy"
The Latest: UN imagery shows new damage in Syria suburb
"US ambassador to Mexico to resign, amid strained relations"
Venezuela official says presidential elections to be delayed
"May and Tusk meet as UK and EU differ on Irish border, trade"
North Carolina wants Billy Graham statue to replace one of a white supremacist in the U.S. Capitol
Man charged with sending threatening message and 'suspicious white powder' to Donald Trump Jr.
Indonesian police arrest 14 suspected members of radical Islamist cyber network
Putin claims Russia is developing nuclear arms capable of avoiding missile defenses
US stocks drop in another dizzying day for markets
Exxon Mobil withdraws from Russia deal citing sanctions
Former German death camp guard submits new clemency bid
Paris officials sleep outdoors to call attention to homeless
"Steve Bannon's post-Trump, post-Breitbart life is not what you'd expect"
Trump declares his first war - a trade war
"Trump's tumultuous Cabinet, ranked"
"With crowns on their heads and AR-15s in their arms, couples exchange vows in pro-gun church"
Dow drops more than 500 points on tariff and trade worries
Argentina president urges Congress to start abortion debate
Barcelona sends signed jersey to hero student in US
"After taking a risky position on guns, Rubio exercises some caution"
Trump has announced massive aluminum and steel tariffs. Here are 5 things you need to know.
"Democrats, including some 2020 hopefuls, to gather at 'Ideas Conference'"
"Stephen Bannon's post-Trump, post-Breitbart life is not what you'd expect"
"Man accused of sending vile letters with 'suspicious white powder' to Trump Jr., Sen. Stabenow"
The launch of this new satellite brings U.S. weather vision to 20/20
"U.S.-Mexico ties are strained, but that isn't stopping the U.S. from building a giant new embassy"
"A Trump ally will replace a career diplomat as U.S. ambassador, and Mexicans are worried"
Stocks sink after Trump announces plans for steel tariffs
Ex-Catalan leader Puigdemont withdraws bid to regain power
Outraged Bolivians protest over Virgin painted in lingerie
Need a name for nuclear weapon? Launch online contest
"Clash of local officials, vigilantes leaves 11 dead"
Sarah Huckabee Sanders just heaped more humiliation on Jeff Sessions
Stop wasting your life worrying about what generation you're in
Jared Kushner's troubles include an impending $1.2 billion company debt
Trump declares his first war
"Man accused of sending abusive letters with 'suspicious white powder' to Trump Jr., Sen. Stabenow"
Trump wants to pass out billions for rural infrastructure. But what counts as 'rural'?
"A Trump ally is likely to replace a career diplomat as U.S. ambassador, and Mexicans are worried"
Blackout hits Puerto Rico after 2 power plants shut down
Putin shows new Russian nuclear weapons: 'It isn't a bluff'
The Latest: Turkey says 8 soldiers killed in its offensive
Why Trump's trade war could reveal the true counterpuncher-in-chief
'Anyone could molest you': Boy tells parents about sexual encounters with middle school teacher
Miami schools chief stuns New York City and rejects offer to run largest U.S. school district
Haley visits Guatemala looking for ways to fight drugs and corruption
Vatican sex abuse envoy returns with more than he expected
Guatemala judge OKs corruption probe for ex-president
"Snow, high winds paralyze European airports, claim lives"
Stocks dive after Trump promises tariffs on steel
"Hope Hicks refused to tell House panel whether she had lied for senior Trump officials, lawmakers say"
Senate Intelligence leaders suspect Republicans leaked a top Democrat's text messages
How often the cable news networks have discussed Jared Kushner in prime time this week
"Congress leaves Washington with no action on guns, school safety"
"'We're listening,' Department of Transportation says on the future of driverless cars"
Miami schools chief stuns New York City and rejects offer to run largest U.S. school district. Here's the dramatic way he did it.
"Tucked into the budget deal, long-awaited gifts to some health-care providers"
Trump administration says it intends to sell antitank missiles to Ukraine
No publisher would touch Jean-Marie Le Pen's memoir. Now it's a best seller.
Ex-Colombia guerrilla leader hospitalized with chest pain
