Trump defiant as crisis grows over family separation at the border
"As Republicans flee Trump border policy, Democrats see a November benefit"
"Senate passes defense bill, setting up clash with House over China's ZTE"
"US, Amnesty International call for justice in Honduras"
Court includes Ecuador's ex-President Correa in kidnap probe
Ex-CIA employee charged in major leak of agency hacking tools
Nicaraguan city chooses to govern itself as crisis intensifies
China ambassador urges Australia against 'bias and bigotry'
Church suspends talks to ease Nicaragua political crisis
Nielsen becomes the public face of Trump's family separation policy
"Trump presses GOP for more border-security money, threatens shutdown"
A secret recording captures the sounds of crying children separated from parents at the border
"Kim Jong Un, once known for rarely leaving North Korea, makes his third visit to China, Chinese state media say"
China says North Korean leader Kim Jong Un to visit Beijing
Chinese state media say North Korean leader Kim Jong Un is visiting China from Tuesday to Wednesday
Dozens missing after ferry sinking at Indonesia's Lake Toba
Romney calls for 'disturbing' family separations to stop
China says North Korean leader Kim Jong Un visiting Beijing
Former Tropical Storm Carlotta dissipates off Mexico coast
China blasts new US tariff threat as 'blackmail'
"Kim Jong Un visiting China, expected to discuss his nukes"
Australian bishop to be sentenced next month for cover-up
Thai prison officials carry out first execution in 9 years
"In Mexico, longtime foes 'AMLO' and elite getting pragmatic"
The quest to defeat Erdogan
South Korea says US drills suspended to aid talks with North
UN refugee agency: Record 68.5 million displaced in 2017
"Kim Jong Un makes his third visit to China, a central player in East Asian diplomacy"
Man who killed teen is Thailand's 1st execution since 2009
Philippine Supreme Court upholds expulsion of chief justice
Afghan official says Taliban assault kills 4
"Libyan coast guard rescues 186 migrants, recovers 5 bodies"
IraqForeign Ministry condemns strikes it says killed Iraqis
2 die of 6 men wounded in southern Sweden drive-by shooting
Indian police arrest 19 in test-cheating scams
Kim Jong Un makes his third visit to China
Asia markets dip after Trump threatens tariffs on $200 billion worth of Chinese products
Moment of silence to mark attack near London mosque
Japan to check concrete walls after Osaka quake deaths
"Engine catches fire on plane with Saudi WCup team, none hurt"
3 men die of 6 wounded in southern Sweden drive-by shooting
The extraordinary unpopularity of Trump's family separation policy (in one graph)
Guard chief says Iran won't increase missile range
Indian authorities break up police test-cheating gang
Cambodia announces $100 million in military aid from China
Kim Jong Un visits China to discuss next steps on nukes
Iran's Revolutionary Guard chief criticizes open letter
Q&#038;A for federal workers: Retirement eligibility and patterns
Illinois ratified the ERA - 36 years late. Here's what you need to know.
'Gut-wrenching' recording captures sounds of crying children separated from parents at the border
Asian markets dip after Trump threatens tariffs on $200 billion in Chinese products
Black Brazilians are ditching hair straighteners and white standards of beauty
"Bangladesh opposition leader Zia critically ill, aide says"
Brazil's jailed former president criticizes World Cup team
Germany: Syrian teen on trial over anti-Semitic assault
A big stink erupts over landfills ringing Russia's capital
Former UK foreign minister Hague calls for legalizing pot
The Finance 202: Economists say we're not in a full-blown trade war. Yet.
Is democracy really in danger? The picture is not as dire as you think.
This is why white evangelicals still support Donald Trump. (It's not economic anxiety.)
The Supreme Court decided not to decide Wisconsin's gerrymandering case. But here's why it will be back.
The ballad of Big John Fetterman: Democrats yearned for a folk hero. But will they vote for one?
'I never thought I would hear a positive spin on detaining children.' Comics rip family separation.
It's a boy! Chicken owners face a dilemma when hens turn out to be roosters.
Another detention center for immigrant children planned for Houston
Beaches that are havens for black vacationers now used to be our only options
There is a national Memorial to Fallen Educators and it is about to add 10 new names
"The growing case against IV Tylenol, once seen as a solution to the opioid crisis"
Europe and Asia markets slide after Trump threatens new tariffs on Chinese products
House lawmakers to press Justice Dept. inspector general on Clinton probe report
North Korea's Kim is making another trip to China. That complicates things for Trump.
UN chief: Highest number of conflicts globally in 30 years
Moment of silence held for attack near London mosque
"Audi names Schot interim CEO, puts jailed Stadler on leave"
"Turkey: 30,000 Syrians eligible to vote on Sunday"
The Latest: Kim Jong Un meets with China's president
The Energy 202: Supreme Court to rehear moose-hunting case with wider implications for Alaska
"The Daily 202: From 'I alone can fix it' to 'Congress alone can fix it,' Trump passes the buck on family separation"
The Health 202: The Trump administration will allow people to buy cheaper health plans. But they won't have certain Obamacare benefits.
"Kirstjen Nielsen tries to explain separating families at the border, annotated"
The Cybersecurity 202: Senate defense bill pushes Trump to get tougher on Russian hacking
'I never thought I would hear a positive spin on detaining children': Comics rip family separation
Pentagon suspends 'war games' with South Korea after Trump's meeting with Kim
North Korea's Kim makes another trip to China. That complicates things for Trump.
"In efficient U.S. family separation system, reunions take far longer"
Syrian army drops leaflets over southern region amid tension
"South Sudan warring leaders to meet Wednesday, Ethiopia says"
Halting S.Korea-US drills risks weakening N.Korea deterrence
China hopes for implementation of NKorea-US summit outcome
UK reviews medical marijuana ban after outcry over sick kids
Call me Mr President: France's Macron scolds sassy teenager
Macedonian parliament starts debate on name deal with Greece
France's Macron tells teenager: Call me 'monsieur'
German mayor suspended over ties to extremist movement
OPEC oil ministers gather to discuss production level
Yemeni officials say fighting rages around Hodeida airport
Doubling down on hard-line immigration politics is riskier for Trump than he seems to realize
A reporter at the White House decided to play the audio of children sobbing. Somebody had to.
"Kirstjen Nielsen's mighty struggle to explain separating families at the border, annotated"
"There are more guns than people in the United States, according to a new study of global firearm ownership"
'Call me Mr. President': France's Macron scolds sassy teenager
"In Trump's efficient U.S. family separation system, reunions take far longer"
Coronation plans threaten Thai election schedule
"EU court orders French far-right leader to repay $346,000"
Algeria to block internet to stop high school exam leaks
Slain Mongolian model's father seeks Malaysia to reopen case
Versailles Palace and Orsay museum closed due to a strike
"Trump is defiant as border crisis escalates, prepares to lobby House GOP on immigration bills"
Jeff Sessions explains how separating families is different from what Nazis did
"The last section of California Highway 1 will reopen in July, sooner than expected"
Another detention center for immigrant children is planned for Houston
Republicans hammer FBI over handling of Clinton email probe
Romania: human rights group slams secret phone tapping deal
The Latest: Coalition says Iran is arming Yemen rebels
Afghan officials in Pakistan for talks on peace efforts
Japan princess in Russia to support team at World Cup
Is Trump losing his support in Congress for separating families at the border?
Here are the administration officials who have said that family separation is meant as a deterrent
Trump's pick to lead the Afghan war says he won't talk turning points 'unless there is one'
A West Point grad wrote 'Communism will win' in his cap. The Army kicked him out.
U.S. expected to back away from U.N. Human Rights Council
Residents accuse Mali army of killing at least 25 civilians
"AP FACT CHECK: Trump's German crime claims off mark, again"
White House Mideast team holds talks with Jordanian king
"Blurring the border, Turkey deepens roots in northern Syria"
"Prince Harry, Meghan join queen at Royal Ascot"
"Trump campaign manager calls for firing Sessions, ending Russia probe"
A congressman answers the question 'where are the girls'
Donald Trump Jr. cancels fundraiser for George P. Bush over family tensions
Kiev's 'Corruption Park' showcases a crystal falcon and other spoils of disgraced officials
Scything Zen: Ancient way to cut grass also a state of mind
Twin brothers reunited 74 years after WWII death at Normandy
Russian energy company's manager arrested on spying charges
Banned ex-FIFA president Blatter in Russia for World Cup
Saudi-led coalition displays Yemeni arms allegedly from Iran
The most stunning part of Trump's separating-families gambit: He seems to have no real plan
"How Republicans are divided over Trump's immigration policy: For it, against it and keeping their mouths shut"
U.S. prosecutors: Won't subpoena journalists in James Wolfe leak probe case
Bucks' Sterling Brown sues Milwaukee police over January arrest
Vatican promises to hear more abuse complaints in Chile
UN envoy: Palestinian refugees 'weeks away' from major cuts
Bahrain's opposition slams case against leading figure
Kirstjen Nielsen's suggestion that human-interest reporting reveals media bias
Two charts demolish the notion that immigrants here illegally commit more crime
A 17-year-old presumed dead started moving. He ultimately died of his injuries.
A forest ranger posed for a selfie with a python he had captured. It nearly strangled him.
"From pulpits across America, sermons condemn separation of immigrant families"
Kim Jong Un is making another trip to China. That complicates things for Trump.
"In the fight for gay marriage in the Philippines, Duterte could be an unlikely ally"
International outrage grows over separating migrant children from parents
Mexico's fans went wild during World Cup win. But did the celebration really register on seismometers?
"'Ay Ay Ay Ay': How 'Cielito Lindo,' sung proudly at the World Cup, became a Mexican anthem"
"U.S. military budget inches closer to $1 trillion mark, as concerns over federal deficit grow"
Senate Republicans just rebuked Trump on family separations
The consistent theme throughout some of the biggest controversies of the Trump presidency
Trump is using family separation as a bargaining chip - but he doesn't seem to know what for
Trump administration expands use of health plans that skirt ACA consumer protections
An Italian minister suggested a census of Roma people. Critics say it reminds them of Mussolini.
UN chief spotlights forgotten kids of wartime rape victims
London police say no serious injuries in minor subway blast
3 gay rights activists shot to death in southern Mexico
Iran rebuffs Trump's call for OPEC to increase oil output
Trump aide who planned North Korea summit is leaving the White House
Tim Pawlenty's Trump problem: How closely to embrace?
Another shelter for immigrant children is planned for Houston
Three dead as pro-government authorities try to subdue Nicaraguan city that declared itself self-governing
U.S. withdraws from U.N. Human Rights Council over perceived bias against Israel
"FBI agent who said 'we'll stop' Trump from becoming president escorted from building, though he remains a bureau employee"
London police say short circuit caused minor subway blast
3 more killed as Nicaragua's political unrest hits 2 months
Russian fans celebrate once-maligned team as heroes
"Federal employees, contractors trapped by Trump's family separation policy"
The series of choices faced by immigrants fleeing Central America
Can 'Sam's Club' Republican Tim Pawlenty win in Donald Trump's GOP?
"Trump is defiant as border crisis escalates, lobbies House GOP on immigration bills"
Venezuela's socialist boss to head Constitutional Assembly
President Trump seems to be saying more and more things that aren't true
"Trump urges House GOP to fix immigration system, expresses no strong preference on rival bills amid uproar over family separations"
U.S. prosecutors won't subpoena journalists in James Wolfe leak probe case
U.S. expands use of health plans that skirt ACA consumer protections
Mussolini comparisons emerge after Italian official calls for Roma census
Kim Jong Un's latest trip to China complicates things for Trump
A 10-year-old with Down syndrome was taken from her immigrant mom under Trump policy
