The year America unraveled
Parkland shooting suspect detailed plans in videos: 'I'm going to be the next school shooter'
Church joins Australia child abuse compensation plan
UN envoy: Gaza escalation a warning that 'brink of war' near
"White America's racial resentment is the real impetus for welfare cuts, one study says"
Parkland suspect detailed plans in chilling videos: 'I'm going to be the next school shooter'
"White America's racial resentment is the real impetus for welfare cuts, study says"
Nicaragua march ends in shooting amid calls for early vote
"3 sets of talks aimed at salvaging summit between Trump, Kim"
"The pet store was closed for maintenance, the sign said. Inside were 41 dead animals."
Southern Baptist seminary fires Paige Patterson over handling of sex abuse allegation
A 13-year-old journalist asked Sarah Huckabee Sanders about school shootings. Here's what she said.
"At the National Spelling Bee, all the buzz is about the expanded field"
"Friends of Paul Manafort launch legal defense fund, citing expense of fighting Mueller prosecution"
Southern Baptist leader Paige Patterson fired over handling of sex abuse allegation
China reserves right to retaliate for US investment curbs
"Hotel valet has lucky escape, but Porsche gets crunched"
Puerto Rico grid 'teetering' despite $3.8 billion repair job
Australian says China uses different tone in private talks
"For migrants, it takes extraordinary acts to earn normal lives"
"Churches, Scouts and YMCA join Australian abuse redress plan"
Wife of detained Chinese lawyer barred from travelling
Russia foreign minister arrives for talks in North Korea
Russian foreign minister meets with North Korean counterpart
"CHIP, CHIMPs and Trump's budget-rescission request: a guide to the debate"
Afghan troops free prisoners held by Taliban; bomb wounds 6
Chinese retail tycoon's fraud conviction thrown out
Syria's Assad threatens to attack area under US-backed Kurds
Pakistani group appeals for ailing convict in Indonesia
Spain's conservative leader faces no-confidence vote
Ex-Israeli spy chief: Netanyahu planned Iran strike in 2011
Pesticides helped bring modern farming to India. One tiny state is leading the charge to ban them.
"France launches lottery to help restore chateaux, monuments"
Temperatures in Europe's far north set records for May
"3 sets of talks aimed at arranging summit between Trump, Kim"
"The Latest: US, European officials meet as tariffs loom"
Does separating families at the border discourage immigration? Here's what the research says.
"Denmark joins some European nations in banning burqa, niqab"
"Rights group, Europe concerned over wave of arrests in Egypt"
Red Cross to send surgeons to Gaza to treat gunshot victims
German far right calls for probe into 2015 migrant crisis
Poor people die younger in the U.S. That skews American politics.
"There's a new battle for influence in Central Africa, and Russia appears to be winning"
Pompeo and North Korean official will try to salvage nuclear summit with New York skyline below them
Spain: Smaller parties to decide whether to oust PM Rajoy
Modi seeks to cement ties with Malaysia in brief visit
Croatia's far-right urges referendum on minority rights
"Japan, Vietnam agree on maritime safety cooperation"
"As Trump summit nears, Kim Jong Un meets Russia's Lavrov"
These are the four largest protests since Trump was inaugurated
"Romney reveals his 2016 choice for president: His wife, Ann"
"After Obama, an emotional Merkel vowed to defend the liberal world order against Trump, book claims"
An Indian state banned pesticides. Tourism and wildlife flourished. Will others follow?
Turkish ambassador returns to US post after Jerusalem spat
AP Explains: 'Zombies' vs 'Frankenstein' in Spanish politics
Croatia's far right urges referendum on minority rights
"European court: Romania, Lithuania hosted CIA secret jails"
Alleged IS supporter changes plea in Prince George plot
The Energy 202: California files back-to-back lawsuits against the EPA
Should Rod Rosenstein recuse himself? The latest Russia revelation complicates the answer.
The Finance 202: Volcker Rule changes aren't actually wholesale gutting of post-crisis regime
"I teach writing in prison. During one class, things got real - even for me."
Gambians file suit against ex-leader over alleged HIV 'cure'
"Pope extends, expands mission of envoy to Medjugorje shrine"
Hundreds of Kenyans in the capital march against corruption
Markets calm on signs that Italy may avoid elections
All the reasons it's fair to assume Trump fired Comey because of the Russia investigation
Trump offers pardon to conservative pundit Dinesh D'Souza for campaign finance violations
The Health 202: This is going to be the next VA secretary's first big task
The Daily 202: Why Virginia's Medicaid expansion is a big deal
The Cybersecurity 202: Only YOU can prevent a VPN Filter malware attack. That's a problem for the FBI.
"Trump again insists Russia probe was not the reason he fired Comey, despite previous comments to the contrary"
"Prince Charles talks to jam, honey producers in Transylvania"
Burundi court validates vote to extend president's tenure
Vatican Chile abuse investigators return on pastoral mission
Ill Pakistani prisoner on death row dies in Indonesia
"Most Americans say race relations are a major problem, but few discuss it with friends and family"
"In a Georgia town, 10 people explain their frustration and optimism on immigration"
California's chaotic congressional primaries are ground zero for Democrats' identity crisis
Thousands of Japanese fought in a bloody World War II battle for the Aleutians. Only 28 survived.
South Korea may try for a three-way summit in Singapore with U.S. and North Korea
"Ukraine: Reporter's fake murder involved swine blood, morgue"
Belgian justice minister rejects calls to quit over killings
The Latest: Mexico to retaliate after US trade penalties
Slovakia's far-right leader to run for president next year
The Latest: Monitor says Iran to pull out of southern Syria
The White House's false equivalence between Roseanne Barr and Jemele Hill
Trump seeks to boost N.Y. congressman in primary - but wrongly credits him for supporting GOP tax bill
Rod Rosenstein and the very valid recusal question
Assad threatens to expel U.S. troops from Syria by 'force'
Pompeo and North Korean official are trying to salvage nuclear summit with New York skyline below them
European leaders plan to hit back against Trump's steel and aluminum tariffs
Women take abortion pills in Northern Ireland protest
UN agencies agree to help in return of Rohingya to Myanmar
"Spain's gov't poised to fall, Socialists prepare for power"
The Latest: Europe ready to retaliate after new US tariffs
Trump's election made Obama wonder if America was ready to move forward from its past
"With Trump's spy-conspiracy fading, America wonders: What's next?"
"Trump offers pardon to conservative pundit Dinesh D'Souza, suggests others could be coming"
Trump's totally self-serving pardons
Pompeo and a North Korean official abruptly conclude talks to salvage nuclear summit
"What will U.S. give North Korea in exchange for nukes? Ahead of summit, question looms."
UN to vote on possible sanctions against South Sudan
Britain rallies support for strengthening chemical watchdog
The Latest: Canadian official calls Trump a 'bully'
"In Asia, Mattis to face allies seeking answers on NKorea"
The Latest: Kremlin: Putin-Netanyahu call focused on Syria
Samantha Bee's vulgar Ivanka Trump insult and an unresolved question for liberals: high road or low?
Largest federal employee union sues Trump over rollback of union protections
"With Trump's spy conspiracy fading, America wonders: What's next?"
"Talking to Obama, an emotional Merkel vowed to defend the liberal world order against Trump, book claims"
ISIS supporter who encouraged attacks on Prince George pleads guilty to terrorism charges
Pompeo and a North Korean official conclude talks to salvage nuclear summit
The Latest: Europe to pursue case against US tariffs at WTO
"Egypt foreign minister meets Jordan, PA officials in Cairo"
Macedonian president against change of name for domestic use
Trump's self-serving pardons
'You know why the lady called the police': Black people face 911 calls for everyday acts
"Charlotte Fox, climber of the tallest peaks, survivor of 1996 Everest disaster, dies after an apparent fall at home"
Feminist Germaine Greer says most rape is just 'bad sex'
"The Latest: Francis condemns 'culture of abuse,' a papal 1st"
"Israel, Myanmar agree to 'verify' taught history of other"
"Africa's mountain gorilla population now exceeds 1,000"
Italian president summons populists' premier choice to palace as Italy edges to a League-5-Star government
"IMF official tapped as Italy's premier-designate steps aside, paving way for political government of populists"
"South Sudan leader, rebel leader should meet: Regional bloc"
"The Republican Party isn't 'taking a nap' under Trump, like John Boehner says. They're being held hostage."
"Trump pardons conservative pundit Dinesh D'Souza, suggests others could be coming"
Pompeo cites progress toward salvaging 'once in a lifetime' nuclear summit
Pope Francis denounces 'culture of abuse' within church
Death and glitter: Gucci hosts France show in Roman ruins
Italy edges toward populist-led government on second try
Makeup and pig's blood: Reporter describes his faked slaying
Israel to invest in neglected Palestinian areas in Jerusalem
"The Republican Party isn't 'taking a nap' under Trump, like John Boehner says. It's being held hostage."
"Senate Democrats demand EPA IG probe whether Pruitt got improper gift from top aide who scouted apartments, citing new agency emails"
The best photos and videos of Manhattanhenge - New York's favorite Instagram holiday
"From record-breaking field, two dozen move on at National Spelling Bee"
"Five years ago, four of their own died in the monster El Reno tornado. But storm chasers have declined to back away."
A 64-year-old put his life savings in his carry-on. U.S. Customs took it without charging him with a crime.
Watch this monster dust devil follow a guy down the road in Arizona
"Italian parties reach deal on a new government, ending a political crisis that had rattled global markets"
Burkina Faso abolishes death penalty in new penal code
Body of woman shot by US border agent returns to Guatemala
"Never again: Pope denounces 'culture of abuse, cover-up'"
Here's a reminder of some of Dinesh D'Souza's inflammatory comments
There's a wave of women running for office. What happens when they face each other?
Largest federal employees union sues Trump over 'official time' rollback
"From record-breaking field, 16 finalists move on at National Spelling Bee"
Romaine lettuce made 172 people sick. Government investigators might never know why.
Starbucks' racial bias training has another goal
The child-free life: Why so many American women are deciding not to have kids
The surprising way gun violence is dividing America
'Barbaric': America's cruel history of separating children from their parents
"As Hamas faces a crisis, it tries to turn up pressure on Israel"
He chaired the campaign for Britain to leave the EU. Now he's applying for residency in France.
Arkansas abortion pill restriction seen as both protecting women and a major rights setback
"Italy reaches a deal on a new government, ending a crisis that rattled global markets"
Italy's political crisis is the biggest threat to the euro so far
"After a hoarder died, cleaners made a 'creepy' discovery in his home: a mummified body"
The Latest: Macron calls Trump's tariffs decision 'illegal'
Trudeau declines to meet Trump because of US precondition
UN Security Council to vote on proposal on Palestinians
"Trump pardons conservative pundit Dinesh D'Souza, suggests others also could receive clemency"
Trump disparaged pardons in the past. He's been generous with them as president.
Arkansas abortion pill restriction sets off scramble after Supreme Court turns down case
He chaired the campaign for Britain to leave the E.U. Now he's applying for residency in France.
Police: Nicaragua violence leaves 15 dead
The Latest: House Speaker Ryan critical of US tariff actions
The Latest: US says it will veto UN Palestinians proposal
UN Security Council delays vote on proposal on Palestinians
Italy gets western Europe's 1st populist govt on second try
Trey Gowdy: A prosecutor and partisan at the heart of the GOP's Russia probe
"At Betsy DeVos's federal school safety commission meeting, lessons from first-graders on friendships and fist bumps"
Inauguration Day rioting charges dropped against 7 defendants
US vows UN Security Council veto of proposal on Palestinians
