"Republicans embrace the ""cult"" of Trump, ignoring warning signs"
Federal prosecutors dismiss several Inauguration Day rioting cases
'Here's how to cover the next school shooting in four simple steps:' A dark student meditation
North Korea's dispersed and hidden weapons complex highlights the challenge of denuclearization
Magnitude 5.3 quake rattles Panama; no damage reported
Honduras probe: funds diverted to president's 2013 campaign
A GOP congressman retweeted a self-described 'Nazi sympathizer.' His party did not rebuke him.
"Republicans embrace the 'cult' of Trump, ignoring warning signs"
"Catholic bishops call Trump's asylum rules 'immoral,' with one suggesting 'canonical penalties' for those involved"
Judge allows journalist to challenge claimed inclusion on U.S. drone 'kill list'
Tearful fifth-grader asks for help against bully: 'I have been threatened to get shot in the head by an AK-47.'
How did the Minnesota raccoon scale that 25-story building? 'Superpowers' and 'insatiable curiosity.'
Koreas holding military talks to reduce tensions on border
"Calif. man arrested outside ex's home for stalking after he hacked her accounts and sent 4,000 texts"
"An all-white church planned to give its building to a black congregation. Instead, they clashed."
'Here's how to cover the next school shooting in four simple steps': A dark student meditation
The Category 4 hurricane named Bud collapsed in spectacular fashion
Pompeo says Trump's tweet about North Korea no longer being a nuclear threat was made 'with eyes wide open'
"Pompeo says despite North Korean state media's claim, US will not ease sanctions until the North denuclearizes"
Republican senators lash out at each other inside private luncheon
Japan banks on 3D mapping deemed crucial for driverless cars
Japanese utility eyes scrapping 2nd Fukushima nuclear plant
Canada-US relations at a low after Trudeau-Trump trade tiff
Chilean church offices raided as part of sex abuse probe
Tropical Storm Bud heads for resorts at Baja's southern end
How the World Cup reflects the world
Aussie troops criticized for flying Nazi flag in Afghanistan
President Trump's flip-flop on coverage for preexisting health conditions
A photo of a bird in India with its beak shut by an elastic ring went viral. Now it has been rescued.
"Jordan PM caught between angry public, international lenders"
Fighting resumes around key Yemeni port city Hodeida
UN rights office calls for international probe in Kashmir
AP EXPLAINS: War games between South Korea and United States
Russian opposition leader Navalny released from custody
South African police kill man after fatal mosque attack
A photo of a bird in India stuck in an elastic ring went viral. Now it has been rescued.
"France, Italy leaders meet Friday amid clash over migration"
Pressure grows on Merkel to tighten refugee policies
Afghan official says insurgents burned down clinic
US seeks to assuage Asian allies after North Korea summit
How Germany is turning wasteland into vast lakeside resorts
"In latest show of independence, Koch-backed Americans for Prosperity to sit out Virginia Senate race"
Are Trump's judicial nominees really being confirmed at a record pace? The answer is complicated.
The Latest: Government forces capture town south of Hodeida
"After summit, North Korea shows Trump in new light"
Rumors spread on social media fuel deadly India mob attacks
"Turkish, US military officials agree on plan for Manbij"
Trump's campaign to discredit Michael Cohen is already underway
Beijing is taking on a broader financial role. Here's why that matters.
First encounters in Siberia as travelers descend on Russia for World Cup
"Romanian drama: the mayor, the soprano and the champion"
"The Latest: Official urges love between fans, Russian women"
EU takes all Indonesian airlines off air safety blacklist
"The Latest: bad weather causes detour, seasick migrants"
The Latest: Vigils mark year since fatal London tower fire
Armed peacekeepers really do protect civilians - with one big exception
"The Cybersecurity 202: 'If you don't have a brand, you're not in the game.' New DHS cyber chief wants to rename his agency"
The Finance 202: It's U.S. states that will bear the brunt of Trump's tariffs
'He's a tough guy': Trump downplays the human rights record of Kim Jong Un
Russia is hosting this year's World Cup. What could go wrong?
"University of Chicago joins 'test-optional' movement, drops SAT/ACT testing requirement"
A shake-up in elite admissions: U-Chicago drops SAT/ACT testing requirement
Yemen crisis: Saudi-led attack on rebel-held city could worsen human exodus and famine
U.N. says India's 'excessive force' caused unlawful killings in its first report on abuses in Kashmir
"Vodka, pine nuts and politics: World cup fans meet Russians on the world's longest train line"
Egypt's president swears in new government with key changes
Suspect questioned in probe over January 2015 Paris attacks
Japan PM vows to resolve abduction by holding talks with Kim
"Zimbabwe president, opposition leader register for July vote"
Greece: Opposition head to call no-confidence vote in gov't
The Latest: French federation sets up 'blue houses' for fans
The Health 202: The Trump administration has given Democrats a generous political gift
"Remembering Grenfell, iconic landmarks glow green as Queen and Meghan join tributes"
The Latest: Egypt's Mohamed Salah to play World Cup opener
The Latest: Jordan PM swears in Cabinet
The Latest: Hungary gives 4 traffickers 25 years in prison
Saudi-led troops fight rebel forces south of Yemen's Hodeida
Former White House press secretary Sean Spicer to serve as spokesman for Trump-aligned super PAC
The Daily 202: GOP senator urges love for LGBT youths in Pride Month speech
"After helping free Alice Johnson from prison, Kim Kardashian West isn't going into politics, but she isn't stopping either"
The Energy 202: Many states oppose Trump's offshore drilling plan. House Republicans want to charge them for it.
"Democratic lawmakers, activists protest family separations"
Possible tornado leaves path of 'unbelievable' destruction in Pennsylvania
"Trump administration undermined student debt relief unit while claims mounted, watchdog finds"
Argentine Congress OKs elective abortion; now goes to Senate
Prosecutor: VW responsible as a whole for diesel scandal
The Latest: Spain arrives in Sochi for World Cup opener
Greek anarchists stage Acropolis protest to back terrorist
"New York files suit against President Trump, alleging his charity engaged in 'illegal conduct'"
Ryan doesn't assure passage of House immigration bill: 'Nothing's easy'
It's not very likely that parents of Korean War veterans asked Trump to repatriate their children
Many states oppose Trump's offshore drilling plan. House Republicans want to charge them for it.
Why the Southern Baptist Convention shouldn't have allowed Mike Pence to speak
Documentary shows Trump saluting North Korean general
The Latest: Saudi Arabia starts with veterans against Russia
The Latest: Greek parliament approves final bailout reforms
Lebanon wants UN to facilitate return of Syrian refugees
"Egypt's president replaces defense, interior ministers"
Koreas agree to restore military communication lines
Supreme Court says Minnesota ban on political apparel in polling places too broad
A misleading way the White House tries to shoot down media reports
Trump receiving briefing ahead of public release of report expected to criticize FBI
Documentary shows Trump saluting North Korean general at Singapore summit
The Latest: Hosts Russia score just minutes into World Cup
AP News Guide: What to know about Yemen's yearslong war
Polish court rules against man who wouldn't serve LGBT group
The Latest: Ambassador nominee says NKorea nuke threat real
The Latest: Yemen rebels say they foiled naval attack
How Trump allegedly used his nonprofit to support his presidential bid
Ryan opposes Trump policy of separating immigrant children from parents
The president of the United States was just accused of persistent charity fraud
Bob Corker accused Trump supporters of being 'cultish.' He helped create the cult.
Tornado leaves path of 'unbelievable' destruction in Pennsylvania
"IG report criticizes Comey's handling of Clinton probe, includes anti-Trump exchanges among FBI personnel"
Colombia presidential front-runner dogged by mentor's shadow
"Saudi women in Russia to support team, reinforce new image"
"The Latest: Putin, FIFA boss stress unity at World Cup"
"Assailants kill journalist, police bodyguards in Kashmir"
"At 45, El Hadary offers a World Cup tale of tenacity"
The Latest: New Jordan PM says economy is top priority
"After helping free Alice Johnson from prison, Kim Kardashian isn't going into politics. But she isn't stopping either."
This towering 'mushroom cloud' in Alabama seems unreal. But it's a textbook summer storm.
"Macron says his new dishes cost $58,000. Others say it's more like $580,000."
"Remembering Grenfell Tower, iconic landmarks glow green as Queen and Meghan join tributes"
"No mixed-race babies, please: Russian lawmaker tells women to avoid sex with some World Cup visitors"
Parents of girl in 1987 death charged with murder in France
Strike paralyzes Nicaragua capital as talks to resume Friday
US: No sanctions relief before North Korea denuclearizes
The Republican tax bill's promises of higher wages and more jobs haven't materialized
5 takeaways from the inspector general's report on Comey and the Clinton email investigation
"'Catastrophic' tornado injures 6 in Pennsylvania, ravaging mall and carrying store sign for miles"
Saudi-led attack on rebel-held city could worsen Yemen's exodus and famine
Landmarks glow green as Queen joins Grenfell Tower tributes
NASA's Opportunity rover is fighting for its life in a Martian dust storm
Justin isn't the first Trudeau to clash with an American president
Inspector general blasts Comey and also says others at FBI showed 'willingness to take official action' to hurt Trump
Europe is getting ready to stop printing money. It shouldn't.
Germany turns former coal mines into vast lakeside resorts
Venezuela's Maduro replaces VP while promising 'new start'
The Latest: Soccer fan Pope hopes Cup fosters fellowship
Israeli museum marks 100 years of Holy Land fashion
"Russian hopes, fears tied up in Putin's showcase World Cup"
Half of Americans think the North Korea summit will help decrease the nuclear threat
"Scalise ready to claim spot in baseball lineup, one year after shooting"
New York's highest court rejects Trump's attempts to stop Zervos defamation suit
Trump administration insists agreement means North Korea will denuclearize
"Trade war could wipe out gains of GOP tax law, former top Trump economic adviser says"
North Carolina passes charter school law that critics say is intended to promote segregation
"A man had police test his meth. He wanted to 'press charges' against his dealer, police say."
"Climate change is moving fish around faster than laws can handle, study says"
"Spiders can float in the air, and scientists just figured out how they lift off"
Scientists at USGS face new scrutiny on research presentations
"Higher vitamin D levels linked to lower colorectal cancer risk, study finds"
The gripping sermon that got 'under God' added to the Pledge of Allegiance on Flag Day
Why a major paper on the Mediterranean diet was just retracted and replaced
An all-white church intended to give its building to a black congregation. The plan fell apart.
Two rival gamers allegedly involved in Kansas 'swatting' death plead not guilty in federal court
Landmarks glow green as royals join Grenfell Tower tributes
"Inspector general blasts Comey, says others at FBI showed 'willingness to take official action' to hurt Trump"
Strong winds from Tropical Storm Bud hit Mexico's Los Cabos
Greek govt faces no-confidence vote on Macedonia name deal
Hungary sends smugglers to prison for 71 suffocation deaths
The Latest: US Navy ship seeks to disembark rescued migrants
How the two rogue FBI officials explain their text messages about Trump
"Senate sides with Trump, votes down GOP plan to expand Congress's national security oversight"
"In Turkey, the opposition finally unites in bid to end Erdogan's dominance"
"The Latest: Spain, Portugal hoping to focus on soccer"
Panama ex-president Martinelli returned to jail
Greek terrorist hitman on hunger strike granted 3rd furlough
GOP floats a draft bill that would end family separations as U.S. plans to reopen a tent shelter to house migrant children
'You're a parent!' Things got personal in the White House briefing room.
U.S. to house migrant children in tents outside El Paso as government takes more into custody
Rainbow flag on display during Putin's World Cup speech
"A year on, horrific Grenfell Tower fire haunts Britain"
US warns Zimbabwe over election after 2-year-old killed
Recidivism Watch: Trump administration again blames others for its own family separation policy
"In assessing donations to McCabe's wife, inspector general does not find what Trump had hoped"
Oxfam slams treatment of migrants at French-Italian border
"Scalise claims spot in baseball lineup, one year after shooting"
Animosity in the Senate as GOP trades insults over criticism of Trump
House Republicans consider allowing immigrant children to be detained alongside their parents
