Trump ally who served on voter integrity panel expresses concern about fraud in North Carolina
Former president George H.W. Bush laid to rest in Texas
Large cities are still segregated - even as the nation becomes more diverse
George H.W. Bush's final ride: A train that connects him to a long presidential tradition
"Black Sea standoff reflects Russia's disregard for global rules, top U.S. military officer says"
Resolution condemning Hamas fails at U.N. in setback for Israel and Trump administration
Trump to nominate State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert as U.S. ambassador to U.N.
NYT: Woman working as housekeeper at Trump's N.J. golf course says she is undocumented
Monthly border arrests have reached a new high for Trump's presidency
Peru's soccer boss arrested as part of criminal probe
US priest in Philippines arrested on charges of sex abuse
"2 US warplanes crash off Japan; 1 crew dead, 5 missing"
"Despite Yemen vote, no Saudi policy changes likely until next year"
Housekeeper who worked illegally at Trump golf resort alleges mistreatment
Report on Marines' air disaster that killed 16 revives questions about safety of military aircraft
Trump to nominate State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert as the next U.N. ambassador
Clashing views color future of stalled N.Korea nuclear talks
Small Texas town treasures historic moment as Bush's funeral train travels through
"Judge orders Justice, State departments to reopen narrow inquiry into handling of Clinton email records lawsuit"
Virginia College and Brightwood College closing; for-profit operator cites dwindling enrollment
New Zealand police hold 'grave fears' for British tourist
Man pleads guilty to ramming pedestrians in Australia
Brazil future unclear amid opposing ideologies of ministers
Trump's gamble on MBS looks worse by the day
China prepares mission to land spacecraft on moon's far side
Ex-captives describe torture by Yemen's Houthi rebels
Afghan official: Taliban kill 14 troops in western province
"China, North Korea meet amid stalled disarmament talks"
"'Pop-up' super PACs spent millions on the 2018 election without disclosing donors, FEC filings show"
Sherrod Brown's tax math on GM moving to Mexico
Merkel's party chooses successor to longtime German leader
Aid groups terminate Aquarius rescue operations
Cambodian premier says no to foreign military bases
Ebola spreads to major Congo city as vaccines a concern
Ex-intel chief in South Korea found dead in possible suicide
Is MS-13 as dangerous as Trump suggests?
'Like a horror film': The efforts to contain Ebola in a war zone
The Latest: Outcry over brutal arrest of French students
AP Interview: New Zealand minister says emissions to rise
Duterte seeks martial law extension in southern Philippines
Rebels demand Indonesia negotiate on Papua independence
North Korea tells China it's committed to denuclearization
Power Up: Rudy Giuliani talks - and two lawyers listen
"With at least 16 members running, Congress will be another staging ground for 2020 presidential race"
Can 2018&#8217;s extreme weather persuade skeptics that the climate is changing?
Former FBI director Comey to testify in House GOP probe
Silent Sam decision provokes loud response at UNC
"Bad air kills more than a million Indians a year, study says"
China seen as trying to keep Huawei issue from derailing trade talks with U.S.
Strikes dog Portuguese government amid continuing austerity
The Latest: Merkel says her party must look to the future
UN says civilian casualties in Yemen average 123 per week
Eiffel Tower to be closed as Paris braces for more protests
The Cybersecurity 202: The U.S. got tough on Kaspersky and Huawei. Will Russia and China retaliate?
"Is the postal privatization proposal dead? Maybe not, but the task force makes no recommendation."
Are young people today hostile to democracy and capitalism? Far from it.
"Traffic deaths continue to climb worldwide, but per capita rate has stabilized, WHO says"
Activists feared Brazil's Bolsonaro would accelerate Amazon deforestation. Now they think it's already happening.
US backers of Paris accord set up camp at climate talks
The Latest: French truckers call off strike action
Australian leader says cybersecurity laws urgently needed
That awkward moment when you rail against undocumented immigrants and it turns out you hired one yourself
The Finance 202: Trump wants to narrow the trade deficit. It just reached a ten-year high.
Not even Trump's administration seems to know what the U.S. and China agreed to
Trump's likely pick for attorney general said Justice Department's antitrust chief gave 'inaccurate' account of meeting with Time Warner
The Health 202: Obamacare enrollment is down 11 percent from last year
Trump unleashes fresh tirade against Mueller ahead of key court filings expected Friday
How to enact policies that are effective in slowing climate change
An 'unprecedented' number of Democrats in Congress want to be president
"MLB free agent Luis Valbuena, former player Jose Castillo die in Venezuela car crash"
Ukraine says will send naval ships through Kerch Strait soon
Outgoing UN envoy makes new appeal on Syria's warring sides
The Latest: French protests postpone sporting events
To the barricades: why a nursery aide joins French protests
Aid groups terminate Aquarius migrant rescue operations
"Rex Tillerson on Trump: 'Undisciplined,' 'doesn't like to read' and tries to do illegal things"
"Schumer, Pelosi want climate-change measures in any infrastructure deal with Trump"
The Huawei arrest is causing a crisis in U.S.-China relations. Trump may not even have known about it.
"The Technology 202: Microsoft's Brad Smith says other tech companies need to get behind a facial recognition law, too"
The Energy 202: New national park advisory board includes three big GOP donors
Cyprus rejects Russian claims of US military build-up
Congolese colonel arrested in killings of UN experts
"Young Afghan Messi fan threatened by criminals, Taliban"
Armenians set to cast ballots in snap parliamentary vote
Slovenia prosecutors charge right-wing militia leader
How this veteran's company found profits in Trump-era patriotism and polarization
"Onetime Pelosi foe reverses course, announces support for her House speaker bid"
"Democratic Rep. Stephen Lynch, who signed letter opposing Rep. Nancy Pelosi&#8217;s speaker bid, reverses course and announces support"
"The red flags on Trump's new attorney general pick, William Barr"
"Rex Tillerson on Trump: 'Undisciplined, doesn't like to read' and tries to do illegal things"
Trump doesn't seem to be convincing anyone with his furious anti-Mueller rhetoric
The Daily 202: This week foreshadows the continuing escalation of the voting wars
"Trump confirms he will nominate William Barr as attorney general, Heather Nauert as U.N. ambassador"
The Huawei arrest made the stock market tank. Trump may not even have known about it.
Trump's new attorney general had charged Justice Department's antitrust chief with giving an 'inaccurate' account of meeting with Time Warner
'Silent Sam' decision provokes loud response at UNC
"Trump confirms he will nominate Barr as attorney general, Nauert as U.N. ambassador"
'Bye!': Young boy drops to his knees and crawls out of meeting with Queen Elizabeth II
Technology companies lead slide in US stocks; Oil rising
Croatia arrest 13 people suspected of smuggling migrants
France gears up to face new riots; Paris shuts down
EU set to prolong sanctions against Congo election candidate
"Trump promises a 'major Counter Report' to rebut Mueller's findings, expected later Friday"
Former FBI director Comey testifies in House GOP probe
Trump doesn't seem to be persuading anyone with his furious anti-Mueller rhetoric
"The Geminids, 2018's best meteor shower, peak Dec. 13 and 14"
How a veteran's company found profits in Trump-era patriotism and polarization
"'Just deal,' Muslim lawmaker says to pastor who complained about hijabs on House floor"
Tillerson says Trump directed him to do things that violate the law
What do most U.N. ambassadors have in common? Decades of experience.
"German conservatives pick a Merkel ally to be party leader, signaling continuity and a long goodbye"
Brazil court suspends Boeing-Embraer deal until next year
UNAIDS found in 'crisis' after sex harassment claims
Spain braces for some 500 violent fans for Copa Libertadores
Mexico's leftist president rails against big government
The Latest: Merkel ally elected leader of chancellor's party
Vatican investigates after nuns report sex abuse by priests
Did Elizabeth Warren peak too early?
"The Foxification of the Trump White House, visualized"
'I've had an itchy finger': When William Barr considered firing a special counsel
Democrats pledge to use new House majority to investigate Puerto Rico's oversight board
Trump promises a 'major Counter Report' to rebut Mueller's findings
Huawei executive wanted by U.S. scheduled for bail hearing in Canada
Merkel ally becomes German conservative party's leader
The Latest: French PM to meet with some protesters
US envoy for Afghanistan holds talks in Moscow with Russians
Ship saves British sailor after storm in Southern Ocean
A resurgent left wing is coming to Congress. Here's who they are and what they want.
Trump to pick Army chief as next chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff
Hawley dismisses allegations as political as Missouri official launches inquiry
"Trump announces changes to his cabinet, White House chief of staff may be gone soon"
Pearl Harbor remembrance takes place without a single USS Arizona survivor present
Trump expected to tap Army chief as next chairman of the Joint Chiefs
Sen. Warner calls for national cyber-policy overhaul
Justice Department office issued guidance on Whitaker's role in Russia probe
French police gird for another round of violent protests Saturday
"Coal is still king in Poland, where world leaders gather to confront 'climate catastrophe'"
"As protests rages in France, Macron remains invisible"
Outgoing UN envoy makes new appeal to Syria's warring sides
"Beaten, burned: Yemeni medic recalls abuse in rebels' prison"
At least 12 dead in 2 bank heists in northeast Brazil
Report: Mexican cartel denies US consulate attack
N.C.'s Harris: 'I would wholeheartedly support a new election' if evidence of fraud emerges
Trump's illegal immigrant employees: One more thing he does that he campaigns against
Vast forests of dead or stressed trees prompt new approach to restoration
Japan passes controversial new immigration bill to attract foreign workers
"Huawei executive faces U.S. fraud charges related to alleged Iran sanctions violations, Canadian prosecutor says"
"12 dead in bank robbery attempts, police shootout in Brazil"
Spaniard convicted for 5 killings arrested in Brazil
"Trump stumps for wall funding, criminal justice overhaul. But the wall is what captivates him most."
Tucker Carlson is willing to overlook Trump's personality because of his nationalist rhetoric
Kevin Hart and Americans' decreased tolerance of anti-gay discrimination
Trump's undocumented immigrant employees: One more thing he does that he campaigned against
N.C. GOP candidate says he 'would wholeheartedly support a new election' if evidence emerges that fraud affected results
Trump announces changes to his Cabinet; White House chief of staff may be gone soon
Tillerson says Trump asked him to sidestep the law. Trump calls Tillerson 'dumb as a rock.'
"Huawei executive wanted by U.S. faces fraud charges related to Iran sanctions, Canadian court told"
Italian lawmakers give deficit-busting budget 1st approval
Former Armenian leader Kocharian is arrested
The Latest: France's Macron meets with riot police
"Redskins, D.C. working with Congress to slip stadium provision into spending bill"
Trump calls Tillerson 'dumb as a rock.' Tillerson says Trump asked him to sidestep the law.
US intensifies opposition to UN global compact on migration
Former Armenian president is arrested for deadly crackdown
Why the political media is talking about the more interesting part of the midterms
Federal prosecutors recommend 'substantial' prison term for former Trump lawyer Michael Cohen
Heather Nauert cited D-Day as the height of U.S.-German relations. Now she's headed to the U.N.
"'Just deal,' Muslim lawmaker Ilhan Omar says to pastor who complained about hijabs on House floor"
'I'm not just the guy in the video': A man struggles to reclaim his life after his violent arrest goes viral
Vast forests of dead or stressed trees prompt new federal approach to restoration out West
'Make better choices': Endangered Hawaiian monk seals keep getting eels stuck up their noses and scientists want them to stop
New Mueller filing says Trump's ex-lawyer Michael Cohen was in touch with a Russian seeking 'political synergy' with campaign
Diplomats: US postpones meeting on North Korea human rights
Ex-Colombian President Belisario Betancur dies at 95
Groups say 13 climate activists deported from Poland
The government implicates Trump and the Trump campaign in federal campaign finance violations
"Mueller says Manafort told 'discernible lies,' including about contacts with employee alleged to have Russian intelligence ties"
5 takeaways from the Michael Cohen sentencing filings
Trump confirms he will nominate William Barr to be attorney general
Tillerson calls Trump undisciplined. Trump calls Tillerson 'dumb as a rock.'
"Huawei executive wanted by U.S. faces fraud charges related to Iran sanctions, could face 30 years in prison"
"Stocks drop 4 percent in rocky week on trade, growth worries"
"France girds for weekend protests, fearing more violence"
The Latest: 'Yellow vest' members meet with French PM
"Working while they wait, migrants seek jobs at US border"
China launches pioneering mission to far side of moon
