"Trump takes 'shackles' off ICE, which is slapping them on immigrants who thought they were safe"
Tillerson kicks off tense Middle East trip in Egypt
Women's giant slalom to run same day as men's downhill
She pointed a gun at police and asked to die; they used drones to intercede instead
"At the heart of Canada's fentanyl crisis, extreme efforts that U.S. cities may follow"
"Blackout hits northern Puerto Rico following fire, explosion"
A blackout has hit northern Puerto Rico after an explosion set off a big fire at a main power substation
Venezuela: Kidnapped mother of Pirates player rescued
Gold Canada: Team competition a romp for Team Canada
What to watch from Pyeongchang - Day 3
"Canada clinches figure skating team gold, and Russians take silver. U.S. leads Italy for bronze with one event left"
First-class travel distinguishes Scott Pruitt's EPA tenure
'It's not just marches.' Democratic candidates reap financial benefits of anti-Trump fervor
Former Aussie leader blames funding for indigenous setbacks
Police: 2-day gunbattle ends in Indian army camp in Kashmir
Pacific nation of Tonga braces for Cyclone Gita
Memorial service honors 17 Taiwan quake victims
'I feel trapped': Violence fuels fear among Myanmar Muslims
"No one wins after Israel's strikes, but Syrians definitely lose"
"Gold, Canada: Team competition a romp for Canadian skaters"
US pushes for home countries to take back detainees in Syria
Sri Lanka ex-strongman's party makes strong showing in polls
Ex-NHL player Jim Paek makes Korea hockey dream come true
'Dirty dancing' Westerners deported from Cambodia
Duterte tells Philippine soldiers to shoot female rebels in their vaginas
ANC committee to decide South African leader's fate
Sri Lanka's former strongman calls for snap elections
Soldier killed in attack near paramilitary camp in Kashmir
The Latest: Gunfight near paramilitary camp in Kashmir
A Pentagon chart misleadingly suggests the U.S. is falling behind in a nuclear arms race
Catholics warn of church schism if Vatican makes a deal with China
"At the #metoo Olympics, organizers confront sexual abuse"
'Can you dig it?' Africa reality show draws youth to farming
"Boris Johnson discusses Rohingya, elections in Thailand"
Dutch foreign minister admits lying about meeting with Putin
Russian animal lovers fear repeat of Sochi Olympics dog debacle at upcoming World Cup
Afghan officials: Taliban killed 16 pro-government fighters
Turkey assails US over ties with Syrian Kurdish militia
UK and Irish leaders seek end to Northern Ireland stalemate
"By deporting 200,000 Salvadorans, Trump may be boosting gang recruitment"
"Hillary Clinton, a favorite GOP foil, plans discreet 2018 strategy"
'It's not just marches': Democratic candidates reap financial benefits of anti-Trump fervor
"'We are all socialists now,' nine years later"
"Foreign aid cuts expected, except for 'friends'"
Millions flock to Carnival street parades across Germany
Indonesian woman dies in new maid abuse case in Malaysia
China rebukes Sweden over case of detained bookseller
London City Airport shuts down due to unexploded WWII bomb
Feds escape shutdown on Friday only to face perils of budget on Monday
California has a plan to skirt the GOP tax law. IRS veterans say it is likely doomed.
"In experiments, researchers figured out what men and women really want in a mate"
"Sony Pictures apologizes for 'Peter Rabbit' scene, saying it 'made light' of food allergies"
"'Just shoot me,' an armed man told a cop. The officer didn't - and was fired, his lawsuit claimed."
Muslims like me don't have theological beef with evangelicals. It's the prejudice against us that's the problem.
Rob Porter ex Jennie Willoughby: 'The truth exists whether the President accepts it or not'
"Enabling Harvey Weinstein's sex life was 'condition of employment,' says New York attorney general in lawsuit"
Boston Police apologize for honoring a white man in Black History Month tweet
"Australian circus school tied to sex abuse and 'blood rituals,' police say"
"Hungary no longer lists former White House aide Gorka as wanted for arrest, but mystery lingers"
"Hungary no wants to arrest former White House aide Gorka, but mystery lingers"
"France wants to fix 'catastrophic' math scores, conquer fear"
Turkey: Greece shouldn't impose name on Macedonia
US and Egypt say they are steadfast in fight against IS
The Health 202: Here's the one real change to drug pricing being ignored by Congress
The Finance 202: Trump plans to roll out budget and infrastructure plans. Neither may be relevant.
The Daily 202: Freewheeling immigration debate in Senate will test power of conservative outside groups
Medical teams fight to save 4 survivors of deadly Grand Canyon helicopter fireball
Remembering the 'Lost Laws' of Washington
Theresa May blasts Oxfam over allegations that it exploited disaster victims for sex
"Hungary no longer wants to arrest former White House aide Gorka, but mystery lingers"
Israel's military says 2 soldiers attacked after wrong turn
"Austrian police: At least 1 dead, more than dozen injured in passenger train crash"
Yemen's president appoints new central bank governor
Indonesian court begins trial of Australian man in drug case
3 Malaysians held in death of Indonesian maid
The Energy 202: Arnold Schwarzenegger knocks Scott Pruitt: 'He should be removed immediately'
U.S. stocks climb in early trading Monday
How to strap a bodycam to a polar bear
Romanian PM stands by adviser sentenced for corruption
EU to help Albania manage borders in migratory challenges
Italy's ex-premier Berlusconi campaigns against populism
IS calls on fighters to disrupt Egypt's vote with attacks
"Serbian president visits Croatia amid tensions, protests"
"After Trump defends former aide accused of abuse, Conway tells women to look at jobs numbers"
Rob Porter ex-wife Jennie Willoughby: 'The truth exists whether the President accepts it or not'
"Enabling Harvey Weinstein's sex life was 'condition of employment,' New York attorney general says in lawsuit"
Tourists accused of 'singing and dancing pornographically' banished from Cambodia
"UK, Irish leaders seek end to Northern Ireland stalemate"
The Latest: India's defense minister warns Pakistan
"1 killed, 22 injured as trains collide in Austria"
The Latest: Oxfam deputy executive resigns in Haiti scandal
Indian defense minister warns Pakistan 'will pay' after attack on Indian army camp
Conor Lamb: 'Wiped Out' - Campaign 2018
Conor Lamb: 'Hypocrisy' - Campaign 2018
"Attack ads fly in Pennsylvania, as Republican meets with pro-privatization group"
Trump won't even try to balance the budget anymore - thereby breaking oodles of campaign promises
The Health 202: Here's a real change to drug pricing being ignored by Congress
Canada touts its 'harm reduction' approach to the fentanyl crisis. Such a plan could spur legal action here.
"White House budget proposes increase to defense spending and cuts to safety net, but federal deficit would remain"
London City Airport cancels all flights after discovery of huge WWII bomb
Oxfam crisis spreads as Haiti suggests aid workers exploited children for sex
"Ukraine border force detains, deports Saakashvili to Poland"
US and Egypt pledge allegiance in IS fight raging in Sinai
Syrian militia says large number of IS foreign fighters held
Oxfam's deputy chief executive resigns in Haiti scandal
"Canada gets skating gold, American Anderson wins slopestyle"
"Trump promised over and over to 'save' Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security. Will he?"
Trump says U.S. is building 'brand new nuclear force'
Trump claims that U.S. has spent $7 trillion in the Middle East
Attack ads fly in Pennsylvania as Republican meets with pro-privatization group
"Explosion in Puerto Rico knocks out power, emphasizes grid's frailty after Hurricane Maria"
"Tropical Cyclone Gita is a monster Category 4, and it's hammering Tonga"
'I Am a Man': The ugly Memphis sanitation workers strike that led to MLK's assassination
Climate change could put businesses underwater. Start-up firm Jupiter aims to come to the rescue.
Trump claims the U.S. has spent $7 trillion in the Middle East. It hasn't.
Israeli soldiers using Waze attacked by Palestinians after taking wrong route
Congo's army recovers largest Ugandan rebel stronghold
"UK, Irish leaders seek to break Northern Ireland stalemate"
6 neo-Nazis attacked in German city of Dresden
Bosnian Serb leader honors former top Russian diplomat
A GOP politician mocked Meghan Markle with image of prehistoric black Briton. Twitter banned him.
Here are the tools that could be used to create the fake news of the future
Trump blames state of U.S. infrastructure on 'laziness' after WWII
Trump's domestic violence response reminds male supporters that he is their defender in the #MeToo era
Trump promotes his infrastructure plan
Trump: 'I wanted DACA separate'
'I Am a Man': The ugly Memphis sanitation workers' strike that led to MLK's assassination
How to strap a body cam to a polar bear
Trump's budget promises the Pentagon more of everything
"Tillerson calls for free and transparent vote in Egypt, raises concerns about human rights"
Polish PM visits Lebanon ahead of refugee donor conferences
Kremlin: Trump offers condolences to Putin for plane crash
Vatican expert to meet delegation in Chile bishop dispute
"Putin meets Palestinian leader, conveys greetings from Trump"
GOP politician mocked Meghan Markle with image of prehistoric black Briton. Twitter banned him.
Lobbying for their lives
Fact Check: Has the U.S. spent $7 trillion in the Middle East?
"Like Trump, many people refuse to believe domestic violence victims. That has to stop."
A Chicago man asked for 10 volunteers to help his elderly neighbors in a snowstorm. He couldn't believe the response.
North Korea seeks again legal forum to clarify UN sanctions
"Mexicans rescue 1 American climber, try to recover another"
ANC committee deliberates on South African leader's fate
Video: Trump's repeated claim the United States has spent $7 trillion in the Middle East
"McConnell, Schumer say they 'don't dislike each other'"
"Trump would cut more in federal infrastructure spending than he proposes to add, Democrats say"
Why it matters that the White House can't get its story straight on Rob Porter
Is Trump scaring away people who would stand in his way?
"'We don't dislike each other': McConnell, Schumer display unity on eve of immigration debate"
Trump's spending proposal backtracks on his 'balance the budget' campaign cry
Trump's full infrastructure announcement
The back story behind Adam Rippon's feud with Mike Pence
Police say Trump Jr.'s wife taken to hospital after receiving letter with 'unidentified substance'
DeVos seeks cuts from Education Department to support school choice
White House wants to return to moon but offers few details how that will happen
Keeping track of medical records is key to protecting your health.
What happens when legislators don't ask teachers how education laws affect real kids in actual classrooms
An American says she fell asleep with a headache - and woke up with a British accent
Graduation rates: all-time high. Unemployment: nearly historical low. So why are schools being bashed?
Moscow might rename the street that houses the U.S. Embassy 'North American Dead End'
Duterte makes lewd threat to female rebels in Philippines
Cyprus says Turkish warships continue to block drilling rig
UN: 4 allegations against South African UN troops in Congo
French police question budget minister over rape allegation
Damage assessment from storm starts in American Samoa
Correction: Pakistan-Obit-Jahangir story
A chunk of Republicans appears to be becoming independents
Schumer pushes for 'consensus bill' on immigration
McConnell on immigration: 'The time for political posturing is behind us'
The White House says the media puts national security at risk by publishing leaks. Is that true?
Trump and DeVos love 'Education Savings Accounts.' You should know how they really work.
Education Department will no longer investigate transgender bathroom complaints
Are states really trying to overcome the harmful legacy of No Child Left Behind?
The back story behind Olympic skater Adam Rippon's feud with Mike Pence
Trump Jr. says his wife is 'safe and unharmed' after opening letter with unknown substance
"Chicago reports 9 straight snowy days, tying longest streak on record"
"Foreign aid cuts proposed, but 'friends' might be protected"
A U.S. politician mocked Meghan Markle with image of prehistoric black Briton. Twitter banned him.
"A Malaysian newspaper published a how-to-spot-gays checklist, sparking fears of a witch hunt"
North Korea: US criticism of its rights shows fear of nukes
Iran MPs confirm suicide of held Iranian-Canadian professor
Bosnian Serb leader honors late Russian who gave key UN veto
Sarah Sanders's disingenuous defense of how the White House handles classified material
"Budget provides no raise, targets retirement benefits for federal employees"
A number of Republicans appear to be becoming independents
Sarah Huckabee Sanders's amazing spin on Trump wishing Rob Porter well: 'He hopes for the best for all American citizens'
The White House says the media put national security at risk by publishing leaks. Is that true?
Sessions says office of sheriff is critical to 'Anglo-American' heritage of law enforcement
Trump Jr. says his wife is 'safe and unharmed' after opening letter containing unknown substance
"Venezuela's economy is so bad, parents are leaving their children at orphanages"
"White House budget proposes increase to defense spending and major cuts to safety net programs, but federal deficit would remain"
White House declines to provide detailed account of aide's firing over abuse allegations
Trump: U.S. expenditures in Middle East have been 'a mistake'
"A man barred from owning firearms shot two officers with a gun purchased by a friend, officials say"
North Korea leader impressed with South's delegation welcome
Trump offers condolences to Putin for deadly airliner crash
Tonga begins cleanup while Fiji prepares for Cyclone Gita
