'I'm not hiding my disgust or my disdain': Veteran judge upends hopes of Trump allies as he spotlights Flynn's misdeeds
Trump's VA vowed to stop veteran suicide. Its leaders failed to spend millions set aside to reach those at risk.
Judiciary dismisses 'serious' misconduct complaints against Brett M. Kavanaugh
Critics of Bible classes in West Virginia county's schools win round in federal court
Opponents of Bible classes in a West Virginia county's schools win round in court
Prosecutors win court fight over secret subpoena of a foreign company
SoftBank mobile unit begins trading on Tokyo Stock Exchange
Cuba eliminates gay marriage language from new constitution
Border impasse ends as US lets 6 Hondurans apply for asylum
"'I'm not hiding my disgust, my disdain': Veteran judge upends hopes of Trump allies as he spotlights Flynn's misdeeds"
Comey defends FBI interview of Flynn against charges of bias against Trump
Republicans want Congress to focus on immigration. Democrats say it's where Trump has fared the worst.
"Galt MacDermot, composer of 'Hair' and 'Two Gentlemen of Verona,' dies at 89"
Americans say there's not much appeal to big-city living. Why do so many of us live there?
New report illustrates how student loan debt hampers home-buying
"Democrats retrace migrant girl's journey before her death, denounce conditions at Border Patrol stations"
Senate overwhelmingly backs overhaul of criminal justice system
U.S. prosecutors win court fight over secret subpoena of a foreign company
SoftBank's mobile unit begins trading in 1 of biggest IPOs
Madagascar begins voting in runoff presidential election
Madagascar begins voting in runoff presidential election between 2 former leaders
SoftBank mobile unit begins trading in 1 of biggest IPOs
A reminder of Trump's needless cruelty to migrants
"Children fight, kill and die in Yemen's civil war"
Madagascar goes to the polls in runoff presidential election
"Children as young as 10 fight, kill and die in Yemen's war"
A neighbor anonymously called Christmas dragons in her yard 'demonic.' So she put more up.
SoftBank mobile subsidiary has bitter debut on Tokyo market
Sinking Greek village highlights nation's addiction to coal
"GSK, Pfizer to merge their healthcare divisions"
Elections in the time of Ebola: Congo to vote amid disease
Singapore bans former Goldman Sachs exec with 1MDB links
AP PHOTOS: Turkey's whirling dervishes honor Sufi poet
Michael Flynn hoped cooperating would keep him out of prison. Here's why he may face five years.
"Since Trump's election, the U.S. image abroad has plummeted. But is it really just about Trump?"
Human rights court rules against Greece in Sharia law case
UK inflation eases but outlook depends on Brexit
"Charity says Yemenis face 'double threat' of cold, hunger"
Swedish TV: Witness in killings of UN experts poisoned
Chechen critic fears for his life as he faces deportation
UK to unveil post-Brexit immigration plan amid business fear
New York's next attorney general targeted slumlords. Now she's going after Trump.
Mexico's new president wants a new National Guard to address violent crime. Will it work?
"In ways subtle and loud, the presidential contest is already underway in Iowa"
Power Up: 'Cameras can't get in' is only reason Democrats say border patrol facility that held 7-year-old girl is still open
"Trump's 2018 fight club: The brawls, the bromances and the bad blood in between"
Brazil's silent epidemic
Flynn's suggestion he was set up by FBI backfires badly as sentencing judge shows his displeasure
No attempts at forming a new government this year in Sweden
Pope accepts resignation of LA bishop accused of misconduct
"South Sudan security strip peace deal monitors, says group"
South Africa group: warrant issued for Grace Mugabe's arrest
German Cabinet approves plan to expand job-seeker visas
Lines at top French airport as protesting police slow down
The Cybersecurity 202: Top Democratic senator wants to tighten guards against Russian tech
"40 years ago, Deng Xiaoping changed China - and the world"
"Russia and Republicans attempt to suppress black vote, but Russians are slicker"
George H.W. Bush's anonymous letters to a Filipino child and the timely revival of pen pals
"South Sudan security forces strip, rob peace deal monitors"
"Philippine rebels abduct 2 soldiers, several militiamen"
10 detained in Estonia over massive money laundering
Taliban say talks focus on US withdrawal from Afghanistan
Russian security agency kills suspected IS cell members
Japan wants Seoul's political decision on forced labor row
The Finance 202: Mnuchin won't comment on whether Trump's middle-class tax cut is real or imaginary
The Health 202: The Trump administration's refugee policy is dismantling the infrastructure that cares for them
Netanyahu urges international condemnation after finding fourth Hezbollah tunnel from Lebanon
Pope Francis accepts resignation of L.A. bishop accused of sexual misconduct with a minor
'I want to be your new pen pal': George H.W. Bush secretly exchanged letters with a Filipino boy for a decade
Elections in the time of Ebola: Congo votes amid disease
Poll: Russians increasingly nostalgic for USSR
"GSK, Pfizer to merge health care divisions"
Israeli leader calls on UN to condemn Hezbollah over tunnels
Former Merkel rival hints at interest in German govt job
Saudi-led coalition bombs air base in Yemen's capital
White House signals it might accept a short-term spending bill to avert shutdown
The Energy 202: Lots of people support the 'Green New Deal.' So what is it?
"Trump administration plans to pull U.S. troops from Syria immediately, defense official says"
"Democrats, vowing to investigate migrant girl's death, denounce conditions at Border Patrol stations"
"Congressional report: Drug firms, DEA failed to stop flow of millions of opioid pills"
"This man donated 200,000 miles to strangers so they can go home for the holidays"
Israel urges international condemnation after finding fourth Hezbollah tunnel from Lebanon
UK opposition leader denies calling PM May 'stupid woman'
UN food program announces service cuts to Palestinians
AP investigation: Children fight on front lines of Yemen war
16 crew rescued from cargo ship that ran aground off Turkey
Poland signs 20-year deal to buy natural gas from the US
French police press for multimillion in overtime pay
"Trump celebrated the Dow in year one, promising better. It got much worse."
Former attorney general Loretta Lynch meets with House investigators
"Senate to pass bill that would keep government open, deny Trump wall funding"
The Daily 202: Ballooning deficits cloud Paul Ryan's farewell tour
The Technology 202: Social media companies under pressure to share disinformation data with each other
Boyhood at 12: Navigating an ecosystem that prizes alpha males over quirky kids
He walked free after confessing to abusing a 13-year-old. A drunk prosecutor is to blame.
"A humble weed grew in a cracked city sidewalk. Now it's the Christmas Weed, a festive holiday destination."
Trump signs executive order making Christmas Eve a holiday for federal workers
Border officials issue new prompt notification policy after migrant child's death went undisclosed
"430,000 flee Cameroon's restive Anglophone areas, says group"
Taliban say talks focused on US withdrawal from Afghanistan
Mexican president wants US to grant more work visas
Americans are scattered and divided over which source they most trust for news
"Rudy Giuliani doesn't seem to know much about his 'client,' President Trump"
"Senate plans to pass bill that would avert shutdown, deny Trump wall funding"
Trump lashes out at New York attorney general who sued his foundation
"Border officials to promptly notify lawmakers, media of migrant deaths in custody"
The U.S. says it is pulling out of Syria. Who are the big winners and losers?
Madagascar counting votes in runoff presidential poll
Brazil faith healer tried to withdraw millions before arrest
"Report: Inhumane killings, injuries at Puerto Rico's zoo"
The Latest: Uber to appeal UK ruling on worker rights
Official: Ukraine plans another naval foray into Sea of Azov
"To be fair, Congress actually managed to do its job a few times this year"
Not even Trump supporters believe the president on Russia anymore
"Ryan to tout accomplishments but urge continued work on poverty, debt and immigration"
Cummings seeks wide array of documents as Democrats prepare to step up oversight of Trump administration
Rare December tornado rips into homes in Seattle area
"With 100 days to go before Brexit, Theresa May is running out the clock"
"Trump administration plans to pull U.S. troops out of Syria immediately, officials say"
Rallies banned in Congo's capital city days before elections
Police raid home of Brazil's science and technology minster
UN General Assembly endorses global migration accord
Germany: Der Spiegel says star reporter made up material
The White House has transitioned from daily press briefings to monthly press beratings
"Judge strikes down Trump administration effort to deny asylum for migrants fleeing gang violence, domestic abuse"
Brazilian judge's ruling could mean Lula's release
"Child soldiers tell of fear, carnage on Yemen's front lines"
Mexico: 3 arrested in killing of young migrants in Tijuana
Police raid home of Brazil cabinet minister in graft probe
Report: Storm-hit Puerto Rico lost 130K people in past year
"Ryan touts accomplishments but urges continued work on poverty, debt and immigration"
Trump's prison reform win - and the Great Trump Paradox it reveals
Is Rudy Giuliani really Trump's 'lawyer'?
Russians sanctioned over election hacking and assassination attempt
Albania expels 2 Iranian diplomats for security reasons
Israel urges UN to condemn Hezbollah over tunnels
Rallies banned in Congo's capital before presidential vote
Third China Canadian arrest: no reason to believe related
A lot of Democrats haven't heard of the most-talked-about 2020 Democratic candidates
Friday promises travel troubles from flooding rain and high winds in the Northeast and New England
They tested positive for HIV. Then the military kicked them out.
The Latest: Morocco: Slayings of 2 women labeled terror act
Moroccan prosecutors say slaying of 2 Scandinavian women hikers was terrorist act
Senate unanimously approves bill to make lynching a federal hate crime
Pope Francis accepts resignation of L.A. auxiliary bishop accused of sexual misconduct with a minor in the 1990s
"'Stupid people' or 'stupid woman'? Jeremy Corbyn opened his mouth, and Britain is divided."
A guide to America's meandering Syria policy under Trump
"MLB, union, Cuba reach deal for players to sign"
Morocco: Terrorist ties to Scandinavian hiker slaying
"Mueller seeks Roger Stone's testimony to House intelligence panel, suggesting special counsel is near end of probe of Trump adviser"
"If corporate tax receipts had declined only one-fifth as much, Trump could have had his wall"
"With 100 days to go before Brexit, May is running out the clock"
Canada decriminalized fake witchcraft. But it was too late for the 'white witch of the north'
Two Honduran teens from migrant caravan are killed in Tijuana
"Canada says China holds 3rd citizen, sees no link to first 2"
LA bishop resigns 13 years after diocese learned of claim
"Trump snubs Corker, as critics and allies alike lambaste Syria decision"
2020 Democratic hopefuls already called out by advocacy group in Iowa over judicial nominees
Blackwater security guard convicted in 2007 mass shooting of unarmed Iraqi civilians
"Judge blocks Trump administration effort to deny asylum for migrants fleeing gang violence, domestic abuse"
Attorneys for father of deceased migrant girl say border agents did not provide water
Scientists lobby Mexico president over endangered porpoise
