Failed immigration bills leave House GOP at square one after weeks of negotiations
Abortion foes play down possibility of immediately overturning Roe v. Wade
Rep. Maxine Waters cancels events after 'very serious death threat'
N.J. approaches a government shutdown amid feud over tax on millionaires
More than 600 charged in nation's largest health-care fraud investigation
Australia awards UK's BAE $26 billion navy frigate contract
"An ICE attorney made almost $200,000 stealing immigrants' identities. Now he's going to prison."
Youth group issues report card on where members of Congress stand on gun-control legislation
"Good news for human life spans - at age 105, death rates suddenly stop going up"
A man put a camera in his shoe for some 'upskirting' shots. It exploded on his foot.
College students are forming mental-health clubs - and they're making a difference
A car crash killed a newlywed in 1973. Now police say she was murdered - by the groom.
A publicity-hunting rapper caused an hours-long traffic jam in L.A.
The Latest: Pence demands more from Central American nations
Bali airport closed as Agung volcano gushes column of ash
Water reaches near entrance of Thai cave where 13 missing
"Rob Hiaasen, a 'great colleague and a real craftsman,' slain in Maryland shooting"
"After newsroom shootings, a quick collapse into blame and division"
I'm feeling like a kid in America after the shootings of my fellow journalists
"After Supreme Court ruling, congressional Democrats mobilize to fight for unions"
It's becoming more and more dangerous to be a journalist in the world
Luxembourg PM: EU leaders get breakthrough deal on migrants after all-night talks
VP Pence tells Central America to do more to stop migrants
"Wendi Winters, killed in Maryland shooting, devoted more than two decades to community journalism"
Suspect in Capital Gazette shooting had sued paper for defamation
"Gerald Fischman, editorial page editor, known for dedication and quiet demeanor"
"Senate overwhelmingly passes sweeping farm bill, setting up fight with House"
It's becoming more and more dangerous to be a journalist
EU leaders claim breakthrough deal on migrants
Australian leader distances government from spy prosecution
Mattis tries to ease Japan's worries about North Korea talks
"Rob Hiaasen, remembered as a 'great colleague and a real craftsman'"
The Annapolis shooting is another reminder: It's getting more dangerous to be a journalist
"US, Japanese agree to continue joint military exercises"
Tropical Storm Emilia churns in Pacific; no threat to land
Thai prime minster to families of missing boys: Have faith
VP Pence tells Central America that the 'exodus must end'
E.U. leaders agree on the outline of a migration deal
Mexico's presidential frontrunner is promising a revolution. Can he deliver?
Mattis seeks to allay Japanese concerns in North Korea denuclearization effort
SKorea says inter-Korean ties crucial for nuclear diplomacy
Afghan officials: Taliban kill police commander in Kabul
US ends 70 years of military presence in S. Korean capital
Thailand praises US upgrade in human trafficking report
Elizabeth Warren's faulty claim about marijuana convictions
Spain feels the heat as migrants shift route into Europe
Russian opposition leader Navalny's brother freed from jail
Report: Himmler's daughter worked for German spy agency
China offers aid to Bangladesh over Rohingya refugee crisis
UN migration agency picks new chief; post long held by US
Business groups urge German government to end bickering
It took conservatives 50 years to get a reliable majority on the Supreme Court. Here are 3 reasons why.
US human trafficking report cites mixed progress in Asia
Iraq hangs 12 prisoners as premier urges rapid executions
Pope: Church must be in contact with people's real problems
"Israel delivers aid, medicine to Syrians fleeing to border"
Democrats's nuclear-option gamble is coming up snake-eyes
Why are so many children coming to the U.S. from Central America in the first place?
Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez is the intersectional remix of Latinx roots and socialist politics
These are the four candidates in Mexico's presidential election
Thousands oppose Indian citizenship for Hindu migrants
New fears in Russia as researcher of Stalin purges arrested
"Libya's coast guard: About 100 migrants missing at sea off the coast of Libya, feared dead after their boat capsized"
UK lawmakers slam Facebook's evasive answers
China appeals to SKorea to help 'protect free trade'
"Ahead of high-stakes midterms, Barack Obama plans a bigger role in political races"
The Cybersecurity 202: Why California could be the bellwether for the privacy movement
The Supreme Court has faced momentous resignations. Experts say Kennedy's is unrivaled.
Reports show bias against women in public safety agencies; men oblivious
"How a saucy, 78-year-old gambler brought me humanity"
Leisure reading in the U.S. is at an all-time low
E.U. leaders agree on the outline of a deal they hope will manage the flow of migrants
A man who goes by AMLO is the favorite to win Mexico's presidential election
Thai prime minister to families of missing boys: Have faith
Hosting World Cup makes Russia more gay-friendly - for now
"IMF: Greek economy improved, but may need more debt relief"
The Latest: Rescuer doubtful about EU migrants plan
Pope replaces Australian prelate who opposes sex abuse norm
"The Energy 202: Top Park Service official admits he acted inappropriately, but his job appears safe"
'No person in America should be too poor to live': Ocasio-Cortez explains democratic socialism to Colbert
How rape is weaponized in civil wars
Democrats' nuclear-option gambles are coming up snake-eyes
Quick resolution to Jameis Winston case allows NFL to avoid another long-running legal drama
"Oil tanker explodes during rush hour on Nigerian highway, burning 54 cars"
E.U. leaders agree on outline of migration deal
Police special forces commander gunned down as truce nears
UN envoy: Yemen's warring parties willing to restart talks
Maldives exiled former president abandons presidential bid
The Latest: UN migration agency rejects Trump-pitched leader
The Daily 202: Abortion is already emerging as a top issue in the midterms with Supreme Court vacancy
The Health 202: These are the five senators to watch in the Supreme Court nomination fight
"Most Americans don't want a world 'where everybody is angry all the time,' Obama says, injecting himself into midterms"
The Supreme Court has faced momentous resignations. But Kennedy's may be unrivaled.
Mexico's presidential front-runner is promising a revolution. Can he deliver?
"AP PHOTOS: Under pouring rain, Thai cave search a muddy slog"
The Latest: Tusk says migration deal is only 1st step
UN migration agency rejects Trump-proposed leader
EU leaders hail migrant plan but 100 more go missing at sea
How many votes will Trump's court nominee get? You tell us.
Bill Gates spent hundreds of millions to improve teaching. New report says it was a bust.
Business owners try blue lighting to discourage drug users from shooting up in public restrooms
"The Latest: Libya: 100 migrants missing at sea, feared dead"
"The Latest: UN migration agency picks new, Portuguese leader"
"Japan to US: Auto tariff would damage US, world economy"
Board announces new austerity measures for Puerto Rico
Trump's top economic adviser just made a bogus claim about a basic economic number
"The 7 senators most likely to cross party lines on Trump's Supreme Court pick, ranked"
'I'll absorb the body blows': Ivanka Trump explains her silence in the wake of Samantha Bee's vulgarity
Want to be a police officer in Germany? Don't be short or have narrow hips.
Germany's Merkel cites migration progress to quell dispute
UN migration agency snubs Trump's nominee to lead it
"ECB official wanted Russia trip, cash as bribe -prosecutor"
Why Kirsten Gillibrand and other Democrats' calls to abolish ICE are politically risky
Where the U.S. has considered leaving or left international agreements under Trump
The Capital Gazette shooting and what's wrong with the current public discourse about the media
"The Wedding Present, 'Kennedy': The Week In One Song"
Trump says journalists should be able to do their jobs without fear of violent attack
Denver just tied its all-time temperature record. This heat wave is just getting started.
"Immigrant minor distraught over family separation is prescribed antidepressants in U.S. shelter, lawsuit alleges"
"After newsroom shootings, a quick collapse into blame and division in a polarized country"
White House lawyer expected to be named new head of DEA
2 killed in attack on West African counterterror force's HQ
Meet the 4 candidates vying to become Mexico's president
Syrian troops march south as UN warns of catastrophe
Official: Puerto Rico drug ring halted after 97 indicted
The Latest: 2 soldiers dead in attack on West African force
Spain to move Catalan separatists to prisons near home
Foreign correspondents often face danger - but few ever worry about dying in a mass shooting
Canada announces final list of retaliatory tariffs
"In UK, another legal win for gig economy workers"
Spain creates Mediterranean Sea reserve for whale migration
Lavrov warns Russia might leave chemical weapons watchdog
"EU moves on migrant plans, while 100 reported missing at sea"
"Immigrant minor distraught over family separation is prescribed antidepressants, lawsuit alleges"
"12-year-old immigrant prescribed antidepressants in shelter due to distress over family separation, lawsuit alleges"
Trudeau wades into U.S.-Canada ketchup war with tariffs on Heinz
Salvadoran deportee finally reunited with his separated daughter
3 killed in attack on West African counterterror force's HQ
Trump's top economic adviser makes a laughable claim about a very basic economic number
U.S. assessing cost of keeping troops in Germany as Trump battles with Europe
Gambia's president announces major Cabinet reshuffle
"Trump says he is considering two women for Supreme Court, will announce pick July 9"
"In prank call, comedian claims to reach President Trump aboard Air Force One"
"A brief recap of 'Tampongate,' the week's strangest controversy on Capitol Hill"
How Americans feel about Trump
UPDATE 4-Jordan source reports south Syria truce; State Dept cannot confirm
Puerto Rico faces austerity measures amid budget wrangling
'Permanent' cease-fire begins in South Sudan's civil war
'Permanent' cease-fire begins in South Sudan in latest attempt at ending 5-year civil war
Top Supreme Court prospect has argued presidents should not be distracted by investigations and lawsuits
Trump hopes he and Putin will get along. Russia experts worry they will.
Special counsel's team pushes back on Paul Manafort leak claims
"After Annapolis, a new sense of anxiety sweeps the nation's newsrooms"
"Texas authorities charge USA Gymnastics trainer for Larry Nassar assault, exonerate Karolyis"
"Trump calls for another round of tax cuts, further reductions to corporate tax rate"
"Trump eyes executive order expanding power to block deals between U.S., foreign telecom firms"
Israeli 'Save a Child's Heart' doctors honored at UN
"Trump says he is considering 2 women for Supreme Court, will announce pick July 9"
"Six decades after being told her mother was dead, she found her - 80 minutes away and 100 years old"
GM says new Trump auto tariffs threaten American jobs
Ketchup war: Canada plans tariffs on Heinz and other U.S. products
Telemundo suspends 7 for offensive gesture
"Ahead of Mexico vote, fears and warnings over possible fraud"
