Alcoholics Anonymous original manuscript sells for $2.4 million to NFL team owner
Malaysia foils smuggling of 131 Sri Lankans immigrants
Elon Musk's SpaceX is using a powerful rocket technology. NASA advisers say it could put lives at risk.
"'Knives, knives, knives': Trump comments on London attacks draw backlash across the pond"
Marx's birthplace marks his birthday with a statue and a struggle
"US firms, debt could be China's targets if US plays hardball"
Malaysia foils smuggling of 131 Sri Lankan immigrants
"Justify shakes off muddy track, wins 144th Kentucky Derby in commanding performance"
"'My Old Kentucky Home': The Kentucky Derby's beloved, fraught singalong about slavery"
"At 100, my mom had dementia and needed hospice care. Getting it was nearly impossible."
"When someone hovers at the edge of death, these singers step in to ease the passage"
"From prison, Malaysia's Anwar helps reunite opposition"
Lebanon holds 1st parliamentary elections in 9 years
North Korea says US ruining mood of detente ahead of summit
Suspected water contamination kills 10 Cambodians; 120 ill
"Anti-India clashes, fighting rage in Kashmir; many injured"
Lebanon holds first elections in 9 years
Death toll from Pakistan mining explosions climbs to 23
Tunisia holds 1st local election since 2011 Arab Spring
Roadside bomb kills 7 shopkeepers heading to Afghan market
"5 Kashmir rebels, civilian killed during anti-India clashes"
Iran's president: US ending deal will be 'historic regret'
A Zimbabwe Spring? New leader embraces surprising freedoms
Lebanon holds first general elections in 9 years
Spain rescues 476 migrants crossing Mediterranean Sea
Malaysia's Anwar joins with former persecutor for election
"China could target US firms, debt if Trump plays hardball"
Israeli PM says better to confront Iran sooner than later
"5 Kashmir rebels, 2 civilians killed in anti-India fighting"
"After years of unrest, Ethiopians are riding an unlikely wave of hope. Will it last?"
"Bombing at mosque in Afghanistan kills 12, wounds 33"
Clarification: Saudi-Guantanamo Release story
"5 Kashmir rebels, 5 civilians killed in anti-India fighting"
The Latest: Afghan official says 12 killed in mosque bombing
Afghan official says 30 'killed and wounded' in explosion at a mosque being used as a voter registration center
London police seek info after teen is shot dead on a street
German high schoolers complain English exam was too hard
The Latest: Gunmen abduct 7 Indians in Afghanistan
Iraq launches airstrike in Syria against Islamic State
"Russian protest leader Navalny out of jail, faces 2 charges"
"'My Old Kentucky Home': The Derby's beloved, fraught sing-along about slavery"
Israeli PM steps us calls to end the Iranian nuclear deal
"Indian forces fire on Kashmir protesters, killing at least 5"
The Latest: Death toll from Afghan mosque blast rises to 14
"Bombing at mosque in Afghanistan kills 14, wounds 33"
Egypt says no hidden rooms in King Tut's tomb after all
Shoah group urges German police to find fugitive neo-Nazi
"In election manifesto, Erdogan vows new military campaigns"
Israeli PM steps up calls to end the Iranian nuclear deal
'The whole island felt it': Hawaii's Big Island rocked by historic earthquake as new lava flows threaten homes
"As Lebanon heads to the polls for first election in years, few have hope for change"
"As Lebanon heads to the polls, few have hopes for change"
Gunman wounds Pakistan's interior minister in Punjab
"Gina Haspel, nominee to head CIA, sought to withdraw over questions about her role in agency interrogation program"
A cockroach crawled into a Florida woman's ear. It took nine days to get it out.
"The Latest: Attack on Afghan mosque, voter center kills 14"
Low turnout worries politicians as Lebanon voting ends
Iran sentences 16 female IS members to jail: report
"As Lebanon heads to the polls, turnout is low and few have hopes for change"
Giuliani says Trump doesn't have to comply with a Mueller subpoena and could invoke the Fifth Amendment
Giuliani: It is possible Michael Cohen paid off other women for Trump
'A very fast-moving situation': Lava shoots through Hawaii neighborhood as new fissures form
"After Native American bias incident, college says those against diversity can go 'elsewhere'"
An off-duty police officer thought a man stole Mentos. So he drew his gun.
Alzheimer's cure is being pursued with the help of an online game
Eighth-graders taking Advance Placement language classes? Oui.
"Virtual doctor visits are getting more popular, but questions remain about who pays"
'I saved them because I'm a superhero!': 4-year-old donates bone marrow to his baby brothers
"Lebanon votes in shadow of Syria war, reflecting divisions"
40 killed in armed bandit attack in northwest Nigeria
French anger mounts after Trump says Paris needs more guns
The British ambassador to the U.S. thinks Trump won't gut the Iran deal
"Swarm of quakes hits El Salvador, damaging dozens of homes"
"As Lebanon heads to the polls, turnout is low, and few have hopes for change"
"Feds can be fired for 'dishonest conduct' like Trump's, who could learn from honored employees"
"Trump is transforming the judiciary, but he has yet to take aim at the court that annoys him the most"
Giuliani pleased with his media tour: 'Everybody's reacting to us now'
Eighth-graders taking Advance Placement language classes? Si.
"Donald W. Seldin, who built UT Southwestern into a medical powerhouse, dies at 97"
One out of 10 Social Security offices has closed since 2000. Seniors and politicians want to know why.
How the 2018 Teacher of the Year signaled her opposition to Trump policies - in front of Trump
Iraq's prime minister is making electoral history in the former jewel of the Islamic State
"Swarm of quakes hits El Salvador, damaging nearly 200 homes"
Mexico journalist fired over retweet seen to incite violence
Rights group: Egypt uses solitary confinement as 'torture'
UK airports to add explosive detection dogs to screen cargo
