"Who is Stefan A. Halper, the FBI source who assisted the Russia investigation?"
Why Mick Mulvaney's idea to force a Pelosi vote wouldn't work
"Teen who started massive Oregon wildfire with fireworks must pay $36 million, judge rules"
Australian archbishop convicted of child sex abuse cover-up
An Australian archbishop has become most the senior cleric in the world to be charged with covering up child sex abuse
"Cuban state media say 23-year-old survivor of Friday's plane crash in Havana has died, raising the death toll to 111"
Authorities in Texas say they confronted school gunman within 4 minutes
White House to convene GOP lawmakers to review classified information on FBI source
CORRECTS: An Australian archbishop has become most senior cleric in the world convicted of covering up child sex abuse
UN chief urges Lebanon's Hezbollah to halt military action
Things blamed for the deadly Texas school shooting: Ritalin. Abortion. The media. Schools. And doors.
"Indonesia raises alert for Merapi volcano, sets no-go zone"
Former Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak arrives at office of anti-graft body after being summoned for questioning
"The latest thinking on osteoporosis, which weakens bones"
Foreign media arrive for North Korea nuke site closing
Thai authorities block Bangkok march on coup anniversary
China sentences Tibetan activist to 5 years for separatism
"Gang gunmen wound Mexican official, 7 others in Guadalajara"
The White House's wishful thinking on Iran and North Korea
Experts: China far side lunar mission potentially historic
14 police killed in Taliban attacks in eastern Afghanistan
Fiji 4 found not guilty of sedition in media freedom case
Can the president be indicted or subpoenaed?
Afghan official: Taliban attacks kill 14 policemen in Ghazni
Fiji finds 4 not guilty of sedition in media freedom case
Populists' pick to be Italian premier scorns bureaucracy
What South Korea's Moon has but Trump does not: A sky-high approval rating
Heatwave in Pakistan's Karachi kills 65 amid power cuts
"In sharp turn, North Korean media return to angry tone"
Palestinian foreign minister asks ICC to investigate Israel
Yemeni officials: Rebel shelling kills 5 in Marib province
Palestinian foreign minister arrives at International Criminal Court to ask for Israeli settlement policy investigation
Sweden to distribute brochure in case of crisis or war
'A lot of shame': Rohingya camps brace for wave of babies conceived in rape
Palestinian foreign minister files complaint to ICC seeking 'immediate investigation' into alleged Israeli crimes
Nurse killed by deadly virus amid Indian outbreak
Group: Egyptian army intensifies home demolitions in Sinai
Purported mother of poisoned Russian spy speaks out
MH370 search director disagrees with pilot ditch theory
German court rejects call for Puigdemont to be rearrested
"Trump and McConnell, once adversaries, have realized they need one another"
Q&#038;A for federal workers: Inside the numbers on firing
"China's ZTE has long been on Washington's radar, for quite a few reasons. Here's the story."
"What to watch in Texas runoffs and primaries in Georgia, Kentucky and Arkansas"
Ariana Grande sends love to fans on Manchester anniversary
Palestinians ask ICC for 'immediate' probe against Israel
China wants Australian 'concrete actions' to improve ties
New group of black women fighting for seats at the table in Democratic Party
Whites have fled the Democratic Party. Here's how the nation got there.
"Trump and McConnell, once adversaries, have realized they need each other"
Q&#038;A for federal workers: A look at the numbers on firings
Proud mom orders 'Summa Cum Laude' cake online. Publix censors it: Summa ... Laude.
New government leaflets tell Swedes to be prepared for war
"Giant predatory worms invaded France, but scientists just noticed them"
Prince Harry is the second Duke of Sussex. The first was a rebel when it came to marriage.
Indian archbishop urges Catholics to pray for democracy
Ex-Romanian president on trial for revolution deaths charges
"Dying Indian nurse: ""Take care of our children"""
The Finance 202: Trump backers fear he's deserting them on China
The Health 202: Trump's moves haven't yet significantly decreased the number of people with health insurance
Will Stacey Abrams and other black women candidates finally make the 'backbone of the Democratic party' its face?
How fentanyl could alter global drug policy
"Israel accuses head of human rights group of anti-Israel activities, orders him to leave"
Duterte to drug suspects: Want to live longer? Stay in jail
Congo announces 6 new confirmed cases of Ebola virus
"As summit looms, North Korean media return to angry tone"
The Energy 202: EPA holds summit on dangerous chemicals after delayed report
The Daily 202: A tale of two elections
The Cybersecurity 202: Georgia is voting on insecure machines in today's primary. This group is suing
"Trump warned of 'great danger' posed by Clinton's emails. Naturally, he rejects security procedures for his own phone."
"Amid a Southern Baptist scandal, some evangelical women say the Bible's gender roles are being distorted to promote sexism"
Arrested Saudi activists held incommunicado since last week
"Afghan forces accidentally detonate explosives, killing 16"
Denmark: Minister remarks on Muslims isn't govt policy
U.S. pledges $8 million for Ebola outbreak in Congo
"After long decline, death rates from prostate cancer stop falling"
Amazon is selling facial recognition to law enforcement - for a fistful of dollars
A closer look at 10 arrested Saudi women's rights activists
Palestinians want international court to investigate Israel
Correction: Denmark-Minister-Ramadan story
How the FBI informant's outreach to Trump staffers fits into overall investigation
Trump says the Mueller probe is a waste of taxpayer money. But his budget funded it.
"4 surprising facts about Stefan Halper, a professor and top-secret informant on Russia"
Trump's clear double standard between Hillary Clinton's emails and his own cell phones
She died in the Texas school shooting. Now strangers are trying to save her husband.
Australian archbishop convicted of covering up sexual abuse
Palestinian plea to ICC could speed up war crime probe
Officials: Indian police kill 9 anti-pollution protesters
Officials say 9 protesters killed when Indian police open fire on demonstrators demanding closure of copper plant.
Former Macedonian official jailed over police car purchase
"Trump says Kim Jong Un 'serious' about nuclear talks, but suggests summit could fall through"
Schumer calls for removal of North Korean leader's face from commemorative coin
Drugs in the workplace are at their highest levels in a decade
A malfunction unlocked cells at a South Carolina jail. Now two murder suspects are on the loose.
"He was 16 when Louisiana charged him with murder. Two decades later, he's free."
A short circuit unlocked cells at a South Carolina jail. Now two murder suspects are on the loose.
Coveted exemptions from Trump's travel ban remain elusive for citizens of Muslim-majority countries
"Investigators insist MH370 crash was an accident, not a mass murder-suicide by the pilot"
"Israel accuses local head of human rights group of anti-Israel activities, orders him to leave"
The first Duke of Sussex: Two illegal marriages and a fight to end the slave trade
Ukraine covers up logos of Champions League sponsor Gazprom
Cuba's new leader breaks from past with public appearances
The Latest: International court prosecutor won't be rushed
"Poland breaks with EU, voices empathy with US stance on Iran"
Trump DHS Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen's bizarre comments about Russian interference
The very real risks posed by Trump's use of a cellphone
Trump administration counts Gina Haspel taking CIA top job as battle won in the 'war on women'
Former Houston Texans cheerleaders claim they were subject to abuse
Rights group: Rohingya insurgents massacred Myanmar Hindus
Mother convicted in UK of forcing teen daughter to marry
Vatican bank reports profit but says ethics more important
Russian sub test-fires 4 intercontinental missiles in salvo
Israeli air force chief confirms first F-35 airstrike
"Spurned by Trump and GOP, coal baron Don Blankenship seeks a second chance in West Virginia"
'Disgrace to the country': Trump decries possibility of FBI 'spies' in his campaign
A school resource officer allegedly told a gay student she would go to hell. Now he's going away.
The Grenfell fire inquiry started this week. Here's what you need to know.
Danish minister: Muslims fasting is 'dangerous for us all'
"Trump's allies in Congress renew demand for second special counsel to investigate FBI, Justice Dept."
Venezuelan president expels top US diplomat
Private jet crashes in Honduran capital
Egyptian military court sentences journalist to 10 years
Do Trump's Twitter typos and grammar errors actually endear him to his base?
An increase in gas prices easily outpaces the benefits of the tax bill for lower-income Americans
We asked every member of the House of Representatives about the Parkland gun policy agenda. Here's what they said.
Perspective: Drugs in the workplace are at their highest levels in a decade
"Howard M. Sachar, GWU scholar and 'trailblazer' of Jewish history, dies at 90"
'I am not a racist': New York lawyer apologizes for rant about Spanish speakers in viral video
Venezuela announces the expulsion of two top U.S. diplomats
Brazil leader won't seek re-election
"Brazil's president says won't seek re-election, endorses finance minister"
Armed men who threatened Marseille police still at large
Romania court acquits Senate speaker of lying under oath
Resume of professor picked to be Italy's premier scrutinized
Sanders-founded group likely to part with staffer who tweeted about 'illegal immigrants'
House Democrats question DHS chief's claim of ignorance about Russian election interference
Top Senate Democrats introduce bill to amend Religious Freedom Restoration Act
These volunteers have put their lives on hold to patrol Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School
"Southern Baptist leader encouraged a woman not to report alleged rape to police and told her to forgive assailant, she says"
He was kayaking in a 'paddler's paradise.' Then a rattlesnake fell from a tree into his boat.
A cluster of clouds in the Caribbean could become this hurricane season's first storm
Here's why there are so many coyotes and why they are spreading so fast
"Republican lawmakers will review classified information on FBI source Thursday, White House announces"
"Pope to host more Chile abuse victims, 5 of them priests"
"Venezuelan President Maduro expels top US diplomat, deputy"
Palestinians ask ICC to investigate alleged crimes by Israel
"Ukraine: Grenade explosion on bus kills 1 teen, wounds 3"
Do federal staffing shortages facilitate opioid smuggling?
The most telling thing Trump said about the imperiled Kim Jong Un summit
"He was kayaking in a 'paddler's paradise.' Then, he was bitten by a rattlesnake."
"'Learn how to drive, this isn't Pakistan': Texas police investigate racist road-rage video"
"Private jet crashes in Honduran capital, all aboard survive"
"Brazil leader scraps bid, supports ex-finance minister"
Belarus restores ties with Sweden after teddy bear rift
"Republicans wanted a weak speaker. They've succeeded, and then some."
"A big shoe drops in the Mueller probe, as the Taxi King flips"
Steve Bannon makes a comeback in Europe - and promises 'a brave new world' as populists prepare to govern
Navy prosecutors want to know: Where is 'Fat Leonard'?
EPA bars three reporters from covering meeting; one says she was shoved by a guard
A new Ebola vaccine could help stop an epidemic - but faces enormous obstacles in crucial test
"'If anything happens in that school, I'm coming in that door': Meet the unarmed volunteers patrolling Stoneman Douglas High School"
Venezuelan president expels top US diplomat amid tensions
"Private jet from Texas crashes in Honduras, all survive"
"Italy: PM pick had library pass, no official status at NYU"
A one-time business associate of Michael Cohen known as New York's 'Taxi King' has agreed to cooperate with federal investigators
"FBI repeatedly overstated encryption threat figures to Congress, public"
"Republican lawmakers will review classified information on FBI source Thursday, White House says"
"Red Cross: Over 2,000 attacks on health care in conflict"
Danish govt: Minister's views on fasting Muslims are her own
