'Just a lot of alarmism': Trump's skepticism of climate science is echoed across GOP
The Latest: Mexico readies presidential jet for sale
Supreme Court to consider case that could affect potential Manafort prosecutions
'The most kind and considerate person I've ever known': George H.W. Bush remembered by former presidents and other officials
His assistant priest was just arrested. Now he must tell his South Dakota parish
Alberta government imposes oil production cuts for province
South Korean president greets war vets on New Zealand visit
His assistant priest was just arrested. Now he must tell his South Dakota parish.
ISIS figure involved in executing U.S. hostage is killed
Bangladesh gov't: Opposition leader Zia can't contest polls
S. Korea's Moon: Trump wants to grant Kim Jong Un's wishes
Shares advance in Asia following Xi-Trump tariffs truce
"Trump wants to grant Kim's wishes, South Korea says, as new round of summits loom"
Ban Ki-moon urges N. Korea to take denuclearization steps
AP PHOTOS: Indigenous Panamanians compete in ancestral games
Trump's uneventful outing at the G-20
Yemen's other conflicts simmer in city once held by al-Qaida
US-China trade cease fire does little to narrow differences
"Energy-rich Qatar says it'll withdraw from OPEC, the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, in January"
The president's misleading statements on Trump Tower Moscow: A timeline
Philippine journalist contesting tax charges freed on bail
Chinese state media praise Bush as 'statesman of vision'
EU migration chief urges opponents of UN pact to reconsider
US coalition targets IS figure involved in killing American
Philippines reopened 'paradise' after six-month cleanup. So why isn't everyone happy?
'I'm not a criminal': Philippine journalist and Duterte critic turns self in over tax charges
"After Trump summit, no mention in China of 90-day deadline or trade concessions"
Another diplomat was diagnosed with 'Havana syndrome.' Here's what we know.
"Germany: Body of missing girl found at shelter, man detained"
Belgian billionaire Albert Frere has died at age 92
Sri Lankan court puts prime minister's position on hold
The Latest: Germany confident calm will return to France
Saudi friend of Khashoggi sues Israeli surveillance company
Ukraine calls up reservists amid tensions with Russia
Republicans&#8217; hard-line stance on immigration may alienate millennials for years
Power Up: Hill Republicans preside over a pretty lame lame duck
"Trump wants to grant Kim's wishes, South Korea says, as new round of summits looms"
"3 astronauts from US, Russia, Canada blast off to International Space Station"
Israeli prime minister to meet Pompeo in Brussels
NATO chief says Bosnia set for new move on membership path
Sri Lanka court orders prime minister to refrain from duties
"The Health 202: As medical community speaks out on gun violence, Democrats vow to push legislation"
"The Cybersecurity 202: Senators call for data breach penalties, tougher privacy laws after Marriott hack"
Thousands of suggestions sent in as UNC debates what to do with toppled Confederate monument
Soros-founded university says it has been kicked out of Hungary as an autocrat tightens his grip
Australia has had 5 prime ministers in 6 years. No wonder Merkel needed a cheat sheet at the G-20.
Saudi crown prince in Algeria on tour of Arab nations
Dutch court rejects man's request to be 20 years younger
Turkish inflation eases from 15-year high as lira recovers
Wounded Yemeni rebels to be treated in Oman
3 astronauts blast off to International Space Station
The Energy 202: Senate Republicans are sounding more and more like Trump on climate change
The G-20 summit was overshadowed by other news. But there wasn't much to overshadow anyway.
The Finance 202: The U.S.-China trade 'deal' offers less than meets the eye
Boy's dinosaur collection burned in the California fire. Then boxes started appearing at his doorstep.
Police find man who lost engagement ring over a Times Square grate after proposing
"Trump sends letter to Pakistan, asking for help with Afghan peace process"
Australia has had 5 prime ministers in 5 years. No wonder Merkel needed a cheat sheet at the G-20.
Egypt rejects naming of suspects in researcher's killing
"Uruguay rejects asylum request by former Peru President Garcia, who sought refuge in consulate amid corruption probe"
Egypt hosts international arms expo
Philippine leader jokes he used marijuana at SE Asia meeting
"Trump touts 'extraordinary' meeting with Xi, says it could produce benefits 'far beyond' trade"
Guidance for federal employees issued on government closure Wednesday
The Daily 202: A quartet of Democratic women now lead party committees
Trump used a really unfortunate phrase while hailing progress with China
Trump sends letter to Pakistan asking for help with Afghan peace process
'I'm not a criminal': Philippine journalist and Duterte critic turns herself in over tax charges
Australia has had five prime ministers in five years. No wonder Merkel needed a cheat sheet at the G-20.
NATO chief says time short for Russia to respect INF treaty
Hungarian lawmaker quits after leak of anti-Semitic comments
Vatican renews call for 2-state solution to Mideast conflict
Far-right party shakes up Spanish politics
Everything you need to know about the possible government shutdown that may be coming this month
Sen. John Kennedy won't run for Louisiana governor next year
US stocks sharply higher on US-China trade truce; oil surges
"Nigerian president says he's alive, not an impostor"
Mexico's new 'common man' president hits the ground running
Uruguay rejects ex Peru president Garcia's asylum request
The Technology 202: Technology 202 publish test 12.3.18
"Trump isn't driving the climate change conversation. For a decade, he's been following it."
Trump says Michael Cohen deserves a 'full and complete' sentence
Study: Dental painkillers may put young people at risk of opioid addiction
Police ignored an Indian woman's story of assault. Then her attackers lit her on fire.
Portuguese inquiry into armory theft targets top politicians
Pakistan says Trump seeks help on Taliban talks
Ukrainian police search homes of Russian Orthodox priests
2018 was a good reminder of how polarized the 2016 presidential race was
Inside one man's failed plan to use a stolen forklift to assassinate Trump
"Short-term insurance plans are enticing, low-cost alternatives for healthy people"
Russia says Putin greeted other leaders just like the Saudi crown prince. Let's check the tape.
"Bouteflika, citing flu, scraps talks with Saudi crown prince"
Leak site's launch shows dilemma of radical transparency
Maradona sees hope of championship slip way with 4-2 loss
Wounded Yemeni rebels flown to Oman for treatment
"'I'm here to kill a Mexican,' a Utah man allegedly said before a brutal attack. He's not being charged with a hate crime."
'It's the real me': Nigerian president denies he died and was replaced by a clone
Parenthood lost: How incarcerated parents are losing their children forever
"Sully, Bush's service dog, lies by his casket before one last journey with the former president"
An echo of history as Locomotive 4141 carries George H.W. Bush to his final resting place
"Friends can improve your health and well-being, especially during the holidays"
Khashoggi friend sues Israeli firm over hacking he says contributed to the journalist's murder
"Man, 69, loses legal battle against temporal reality in effort to become 49"
AP Interview: Argentine leader sees tough road ahead
The Latest: Macron cancels Serbia trip after clashes
The Latest: Soyuz with 3 astronauts docks with space station
Maradona confronts fans after losing Mexico 2nd-tier final
How the Willie Horton ad factors into George H.W. Bush's legacy
"In an old-fashioned exchange of missives, the Supreme Court bids adieu to former colleague"
Soros-founded university says it has been evicted from Hungary as autocrat tightens his grip
"Trump wants to grant Kim's wishes, South Korea says ahead of new round of summits"
World Health Organization wants panel to study gene editing
"Ecuador VP removed, accused of taking kickbacks from aide"
Israeli firm rejects alleged connection to Khashoggi killing
WHO: US experts not needed to fight Ebola outbreak in Congo
The 2020 age question
GOP-held state legislatures in Wisconsin and Michigan are trying to limit new Democratic governors' powers
"Polio-like disease in U.S. children appears to have peaked for 2018, CDC says"
Turkish president praises Venezuela's leader in 1st visit
UN: Over 150 sexual violence cases in South Sudan in 12 days
Shell agrees to set short-term caps on carbon emissions
The Latest: 3 astronauts enter International Space Station
AP FACT CHECK: Trump claims wrong drug concession from China
"In the 2020 election, an age-old question looms"
Preschoolers were supposed to get apple juice at snack time. They got Pine-Sol instead.
Report: Maria had $43B impact on Puerto Rico's economy
53 former dictatorship agents convicted in Chile killings
Violent protests in France reveal a hard-to-heal fracture
George H.W. Bush had one of the longest post-presidencies in U.S. history
"'Yellow vest' protests damage Paris monuments, shops and Macron's presidency"
UN: New information could shed light on Hammarskjold crash
WHO says it can fight Ebola outbreak despite US withdrawal
Spain: 2 more Catalan separatists begin prison hunger strike
Journalist killed in Mexico as new president inaugurated
Uruguay rejects Peru Ex-President Garcia's asylum request
"Freshmen Democrats: Legislation, not investigations, should be House priority"
"Trump's latest tweets cross clear lines, experts say: Obstruction of justice and witness tampering"
CIA Director Gina Haspel to brief key senators behind closed doors about Khashoggi killing
Michelle Obama returns to London girls school she says shaped her work as first lady
UK grants refugees residency after 20 years on Cyprus base
