"In Trump's decision on North Korea, the world glimpses a president who is his own diplomat, negotiator and strategist"
A conservative Parkland student's whirlwind trip to D.C. ended in the Oval Office
"Did a murderous dictator set up the attack on this filmmaker, or was it staged like a Hollywood thriller?"
British military to aid in investigation of ex-Russian spy's poisoning
Europe using peanut butter to send a message to Trump
"In a personal letter, Trump invited Putin to the 2013 Miss Universe pageant"
"Sessions backed states' rights as a senator. As Trump's attorney general, it's complicated."
White House sends mixed messages on talks with North Korea
'Can you play dead?' New details about the chaos and fear that surrounded the Parkland massacre.
Trump administration studies seeking the death penalty for drug dealers
Timeline of Xi Jinping's rise as China's leader-for-life
China silences critics of move to make Xi president for life
UN: Some rape victims of Islamic State 'like living corpses'
Trump will get the military parade he wanted - just not the tanks
Police: Gunman takes 3 employees of veterans program hostage at state-run home in California
Turnbull says US set to grant Australia tariff exemption
How a climate skeptic marginalized for years at Interior rose to prominence under Trump
"Official: Gunman, 3 hostages dead after shootout at state-run veterans home in California"
Tillerson cancels day's events in Africa due to illness
Ethiopian-Israelis decry family separation as discriminatory
"As economic problems pile up, Iran cautiously weighs changes"
China silences critics of move to abolish term limits for Xi
Romania's embattled Social Democrats hold congress
"India, France to work for Indian Ocean freedom of navigation"
"US, EU, Japan trade chiefs to meet over steel tariffs"
"Major Chinese city orders traffic, factory curbs due to smog"
Legal complaint filed over raid on Austria's domestic spy HQ
France: New name on agenda of Le Pen's far-right party
Colombia looks to become the world's supplier of legal pot
Stormy Daniels has successfully navigated the media 'puke funnel'
Spy poisoning is latest in string of suspicious cases in UK
Turkey's president slams NATO for lack of support in Syria
Putin on alleged US election interference: I don't care
"AP PHOTOS: Guards, curtains obscure China political session"
Syrian troops capture new areas in suburbs of Damascus
The GOP's messages don't seem to be working in Pennsylvania. Is that a warning sign?
Syrian troops cut major roads in suburbs of Damascus
Afghan official says Taliban attack kills 15 security forces
Illness sidelines US secretary of state for a day in Africa
"Gunman was treated at veterans facility before he killed three hostages there, officials say"
"Steel standoff: EU, Japan trade chiefs meet Trump envoy"
Major events in Xi Jinping's rise as China's leader-for-life
"Trump promised this kind of presidency - unpredictable, ad hoc and impulsive"
Africa's lone female head of state is under pressure to resign over alleged financial scandal
Justice Dept. takes another step toward regulation of bump stocks
UK security team to hold emergency meeting on Russian ex-spy
Anarchists from across the Balkans clash with Greek police
Trump will head to Peru for Summit of the Americas
Riding the waves to better health: Navy studies the therapeutic value of surfing.
"Gunman was treated at veterans facility before he killed three workers there, officials say"
"U.S. moving to repair relations with Turkey, endangering ties with Kurdish allies"
Romania's ruling party meets with critics and fans outside
Critics silenced ahead of China's move to end Xi term limits
Brown University cancels plans to display Rosa Parks house
"Brown University won't display Rosa Parks house, after dispute"
NRA sues Florida over plan to put age limits on rifle purchases
Publishers hated 'A Wrinkle in Time.' Madeleine L'Engle never forgot the rejections.
Japan and E.U. spar with U.S. in Brussels over trade and tariffs
US narrows travel alert for Mexico's Playa del Carmen
UK security team holds emergency meeting on Russian ex-spy
'Let them call you racists': Steve Bannon delivers rhetoric-filled speech to France's National Front
Melting Swiss glaciers get unusual protection as weather warms: white blankets
Palestinians: 19-year-old killed in West Bank clashes
Romania: Leader of ruling party consolidates grip on power
"Steel standoff: No exemption for EU so far, despite talks"
UK home secretary: 'Too early' to pin blame in spy case
Egypt court sentences 10 to death on terror-related charges
"A felon pleaded his case on 'Fox &#038; Friends.' Days later, Trump pardoned him."
Democrats take first step toward curtailing 'superdelegates'
"Brown University won't display house linked to Rosa Parks, after dispute"
The Latest: Bannon endorses goals of French far-right party
The Pathway Home was a peaceful place for healing. Then a former patient returned with a rifle.
"When flying with your pet, going the proper route can come with a steep cost"
'Let them call you racists': Steve Bannon delivers fighting speech to France's National Front
Trump tweets claims of support by China and Japan for summit with North Korea's Kim Jong Un
Bolivians stretch vast flag in demand for sea outlet
"Steel standoff: EU, Japan press ally US for tariff exemption"
"Bannon boosts France's Marine Le Pen, seeks European network"
Democrats take first step toward curtailing superdelegates
"New Afghan ID cards, aimed at unifying the country, are doing the opposite"
Trump to rally in Pennsylvania ahead of special House election
This veterans home was a peaceful place for healing. Then a former patient returned with a rifle.
"After the Las Vegas shooting massacre, survival can be excruciating"
Spy's poisoning is latest case to stir suspicion of Russia
Bannon to French far-right party: 'Let them call you racist'
Trump's tariffs forge rare common ground in Pennsylvania steel country
"After once predicting quick end to Mueller probe, White House now looking to expand legal team"
