"Stacey Abrams, Democrats' newest Southern hope, looks to Virginia, Alabama for path to victory in Georgia"
Democratic leaders face pressure to counter Trump's attacks on Mueller's Russia investigation
North Korea says it's up to U.S. whether they meet at a table or in a 'nuclear showdown'
Train plows into truck stuck on tracks in Italy; 1 dead
Republican Sen. Jeff Flake: 'Our presidency has been debased'
"Jared Kushner receives permanent security clearance, an indication he may no longer be a focus of the special counsel"
Milwaukee police release 'disturbing' video of Bucks player's arrest
Inside a tractor-trailer pulled over in Texas: Loads of avocados and 86 immigrants
Iraq says suicide bomber kills 7 in northern Baghdad park
Syria state-run media reports US-led airstrike on army posts
Train plows into truck stuck on tracks in Italy; 2 dead
"NKorea says Pence remarks were 'stupid,' willing to not meet"
'Astounding ignorance of the law': Civil rights groups slam DeVos for saying schools can report undocumented students
"North Korea slams Pence remark, renews threat to quit summit"
"Scars, unexploded bombs have lingered since Philippine siege"
Train plows into truck stopped on tracks in Italy; 2 dead
New Ebola vaccine faces enormous obstacles in crucial test for Congo outbreak
Erdogan's push for power creates new chaos
Pakistani mob demolishes mosque belonging to minority sect
"NKorea hits Pence 'stupid' remarks, threatens to quit summit"
"Macron and Putin to discuss Iran nuclear deal, Syria"
Deutsche Bank to slash thousands of jobs to control costs
Landmark abortion vote in Ireland may change constitution
Cyclone Mekunu pounds Yemen island on its path to Oman
President Trump's interactions with media: Not a standout in any category
"North Korea expected to close nuclear test site, despite squabbles"
"Israel defense chief plans 2,500 new West Bank settler homes"
Japan's prime minister heads to Russia for talks with Putin
New Zealand minister's wings clipped for phone call on plane
North Korea slams Pence as summit with Trump grows shakier
Sweden adopts law that says non-consensual sex is rape
Turkish trial against Australian IS suspect postponed
Australia to hold 5 by-elections due to citizenship crisis
China says no reason found for US worker's sonic condition
Australian sentenced to death in Malaysia drugs case
"Ireland votes on its abortion ban, a 'once in a generation decision'"
Investigators: Russian military missile downed Flight MH17
Airstrikes on pro-government positions in east Syria kill 12
Thai court extends detention of pro-democracy activists
Investigators: Missile that brought down Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 over Ukraine in 2014 was from Russian military
Trump: NFL owners 'doing the right thing' on national anthem policy
China and Japan now seem on friendlier terms. But is this a real bilateral thaw?
Dutch-led investigators say Russian military missile shot down flight MH17 over Ukraine in 2014
The Border Patrol tries to win over Hispanic communities - by singing love songs in Spanish
"The more Pence and Trump say 'Libya,' the angrier North Korea gets"
North Korea demolishes nuke test site with series of blasts
Report: Airstrikes on Syria pro-government positions kill 12
"Congo says Ebola cases have reached 30, warns against rumors"
Thai court grants bail to detained pro-democracy activists
Spanish ruling party convicted in major corruption case
Migrants block northern Greek highway in 2nd day of protests
"'A real wall' must be part of any immigration bill in the House, Trump says"
Trump promised to drain the swamp. The swamp seems to be doing fine.
Trump: NFL players unwilling to stand for anthem maybe 'shouldn't be in the country'
Trump says he might accept a 'phase-in' of North Korea's denuclearization
Trump Twitter ruling: What it takes to get blocked by the president
Houston Police Chief 'hit rock bottom' after Santa Fe shooting. Then came a nasty feud with the NRA.
Chicago promised that closing nearly 50 schools would help kids in 2013. A new report says it didn't.
North Korea declares its nuclear test site closed after a 'huge explosion'
Afghan official: Taliban kill 3 troops in northern province
Burkina Faso breaks ties with Taiwan in fresh blow to island
Pakistan assembly passes bill to give equal rights to tribes
The Finance 202: The biggest banks are about to get their own relief in Washington
The Health 202: Democrats are no longer cheering Obamacare plans
Trump promised to drain the swamp. Michael Cohen shows the swamp is just fine.
President Trump says NFL players who protest shouldn't be in the game - and maybe not even America
Chicago said closing nearly 50 schools would help kids in 2013. A new report says it didn't.
U.S. revokes China's invitation to Pacific military exercise over buildup in South China Sea
"After day of negotiations, Democrats and Republicans will be briefed on secret FBI source who aided Russia probe"
"There's a lot more to shutting down a nuclear test site, just ask France, Britain and the United States"
UK lawmakers slam 'unsatisfactory' progress in Brexit talks
UK man convicted in attempted parachute murder
Kremlin doubts ex-spy's daughter's statement on poisoning
Report: Nigerian troops raped women rescued from Boko Haram
Lebanese president begins consultations to name new premier
'A terrible and corrupt leader': Trump lashes out against Comey after he accuses the president of lying about 'spygate'
The Daily 202: Trump wins a battle in the culture war as NFL owners cave on national anthem protests
"The Energy 202: Democrats ding Trump on gas prices, just as Trump once did to Obama"
Steve Bannon says Martin Luther King Jr. would be 'proud' of Donald Trump. King's daughter says otherwise.
The Cybersecurity 202: The FBI is trying to thwart a massive Russia-linked hacking campaign
Sessions taps Zachary Terwilliger to lead high-profile Va. U.S. Attorney's Office
North Korea declares nuclear test site disabled after controlled blasts that shook mountainside
"For foreign journalists, a lengthy and bizarre journey to see a North Korean nuclear test site demolition"
"Shutting down North Korea's test site is not as easy as it looks. Ask France, Britain and the U.S."
Dutch-led investigators say Russian missile shot down Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 over Ukraine in 2014
German officials order recall of Mercedes diesel vans
"Sessions: US, Balkans to boost cooperation vs. extremism"
China's Tencent: Tech world must tackle privacy concerns
Sudan's president underscores commitment to Yemen campaign
Spanish ruling party fined in major corruption case
Trump cancels nuclear summit with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un
"The letter Trump sent to Kim Jong Un canceling the summit, annotated"
President Trump says NFL players who protest shouldn't be in the game - and maybe not even in the country
North Korea declares its nuclear test site disabled hours before Trump cancels summit
"How Kim-Trump tensions escalated: The more the U.S. said 'Libya,' the angrier North Korea got"
"The many, many countries where abortion is basically banned"
Two Ebola patients who fled quarantine may have exposed dozens to virus
The Latest: Images show residents sheltering from cyclone
Albania's opposition boycotts resolution supporting EU talks
N. Korea demolishes nuclear test site as journalists watch
EU leaders weigh in as Italy's new populists set to work
Trump's North Korea rhetoric was always bold predictions tempered with a ya-never-know
Trump canceled the summit with North Korea. Here's the real missed opportunity.
Abortion rights group launches $5 million campaign to flip the House
Investigators say Russian missile shot down flight MH17 over Ukraine in 2014
The many countries where abortion is basically banned
UK slams Russian pranksters over Boris Johnson call
Kosovo court imprisons 2 over illegal organ harvesting
Lebanon's premier Saad Hariri chosen to form new Cabinet
Car-sharing service car2go suspending operations in Toronto
What Paul Ryan gets wrong about identity politics
Senate Democratic campaign chairman welcomes help from Clintons in the midterms
A rape victim was just awarded $1 billion. Jurors told her: 'You're worth something.'
The bad timing of Trump's North Korea letter
Cyclone Mekunu poses severe and possibly unprecedented storm threat to Oman
Burundi's opposition asks court to reject referendum results
US airstrike in Somalia against al-Shabab kills 10 fighters
Ex-Panama president Martinelli to drop extradition fight
Trump's weirdly wistful breakup with Kim Jong Un
The group least likely to think the U.S. has a responsibility to accept refugees? Evangelicals.
House easily passes its version of annual defense bill
GOP immigration rebels push forward after Trump promises to veto any bill without wall funding
Boxer Jack Johnson is posthumously pardoned by President Trump
Black customers were thrown out of KFC in Berlin over 'vandalism.' They say all they did was 'laugh' loudly.
Egyptian prosecutors order activist held for 15 days
License to chill: MI6 tries to shed macho James Bond image
Saudi Arabia releases 3 women as other activists still held
Probe: Missile that downed MH17 came from Russia-based unit
An unpredictable president changes the North Korea script
"As well-funded Democrats seize 'progressive' label in gubernatorial races, progressive group endorses insurgent challengers"
"Who's behind those political ads on Facebook? Now, you can find out."
A 'deranged' woman trapped her 2 toddlers on a ledge. Watch the police rescue.
"A tropical storm is brewing, just in time to ruin your Memorial Day weekend"
"As Hawaii's Kilauea erupts, volcanologists swarm: 'I expect great science from this event'"
"Ireland votes on its abortion ban, a 'once-in-a-generation decision'"
"Black customers accused a KFC in Berlin of racism. Now, they're charged with recording the incident."
The Latest: Syrian TV reporting military base under attack
UN chief concerned by cancellation of US-NKorea summit
Syrian TV says a military base in central Syria has come under attack from 'enemy' fire
Venezuela's President Maduro takes oath as president-elect
Congo says confirmed Ebola cases have reached 30; 8 deaths
The pardon of Jack Johnson should be a reminder that opposition to interracial marriage is still with us
"She was in labor. From her hospital bed, she married a couple also having a baby."
Mapping the rising tide of suicide deaths across the United States
Six things to know about Ireland's abortion vote
"Europe looks for deeds, not words, from Italy's populists"
Trump's pardon of Jack Johnson is not insignificant. But caring about racial injustice in 2018 would be more meaningful.
Trump yet again seeks out the friendly confines of Fox News to answer questions
Senate passes bill to change how Congress deals with sexual harassment claims
Congress looks like it's about to finally do something about its sexual harassment problem
"Six months. 5,700 miles. One ocean. Ben Lecomte wants to be first to swim across Pacific."
"He went out of town on business - and left his 1-year-old at home in a hot car, police say"
"Two Ebola patients who fled quarantine attended prayer group, possibly exposing others"
"Nigerian soldiers 'rescued' women, then starved and raped them, Amnesty International says"
Democrats and Republicans briefed on secret FBI source who aided Russia probe
Truckers' strike leads to fuel shortages in Brazil
Argentina abortion bill to be voted in lower house in June
"Putin meets Macron, says North Korea summit end regrettable"
US pressure on Hezbollah may hamper Lebanese government
"If Trump's team was colluding with Russia, why'd it keep asking WikiLeaks for things?"
'A nail in the coffin': What the Supreme Court's decision this week means for workers
Gun-control group releases documentary on students affected by shootings
Israeli Supreme Court rejects challenge to open-fire rules
Call for investigation into killing of 3 by Honduran troops
"Nigerian soldiers 'rescued' women, then starved, raped them, report says"
Prominent Republican expands lawsuit against Qatar
Congo says confirmed Ebola cases have reached 31; 9 deaths
"North Korea said it is ready to talk to U.S. 'at any time,' responding to Trump's cancellation of summit with Kim Jong Un"
'A lot of dial tones': The inside story of how Trump's North Korea summit fell apart
Volcanologists swarm for 'great science' as Hawaii's Kilauea erupts
Sessions taps Zachary Terwilliger to lead high-profile U.S. attorney's office in Va.
White House lawyer's presence at briefings on FBI's Russia source roils lawmakers
Courting Kim and coming up short highlights the limits of Trump's me-first diplomacy
"Ireland votes on its abortion ban, a 'once in a generation' decision"
UN envoy urges dialogue with opposition after Burundi vote
"Prince William to visit Jordan, Israel, West Bank in June"
