"It started with your shoes, then your water. Now the TSA wants your snacks."
Europe wants to outsource asylum processing. Critics say it's abdicating its responsibilities.
Europe wants centers in Africa to vet migrants. Critics say it's abdicating its responsibilities.
Trump administration may detain migrant families longer than previously allowed
US trafficking report credits Thailand but progress mixed
Nobody knows how 'Abolish ICE' plays politically
"In song and prayer, Thais show solidarity with missing boys"
Capital Gazette shooting suspect held without bond on 5 counts of murder
Trump administration may seek to detain migrant families longer than previously allowed
"10 killed, 10 injured in China coach-truck highway collision"
South Korea soccer fans set goal for World Cup star: No military service
Mudslide kills 5 Indian paramilitary soldiers in northeast
"18 killed, 14 injured in China coach-truck highway collision"
'I beg skies to show mercy:' Thais rally behind cave rescue
"John McNamara, slain in Maryland shooting, remembered as a mentor to young journalists"
Afghan president orders end to unilateral cease-fire
Egypt's Salah greets fans who turned up at his doorstep
Mexico votes tomorrow. Here's how the country will be radically transformed when the PRI loses.
"South Sudan's latest cease-fire is violated within hours as government, rebels trade blame"
Violence in southern Syria amid negotiations for a deal
Egypt court postpones verdicts citing 'security concerns'
Thailand cave rescue efforts pick up pace as flooding eases
Can Democrats get their base excited about a court fight?
Plenty of drama is coming on the next Supreme Court nominee - but not in Senate questioning
"Mexico's presidential front-runner, AMLO, doesn't want to escalate the drug war"
"In swipe at Clinton, Sessions cited material hacked by WikiLeaks. Was that okay?"
Nizhny Novgorod: Soviet 'closed city' teems with tourists
Austrian mountaineer dies in avalanche on Pakistan mountain
World Cup fans rev up revenues for sanctions-hobbled Russia
South Sudan's latest cease-fire is violated within hours
Leaders commemorate Czechoslovakia's centenary in Paris
Trump presses Saudis to increase oil production in face of rising gas prices
Democrats' civility rift is the latest intraparty problem. And they can't agree how to resolve it.
'This is emotional and powerful': Salvadoran deportee finally reunited with his separated daughter
She didn't know why she kept gaining weight. Doctors found a 50-pound ovarian cyst.
"In one Lebanese town, a dilemma divides refugees: to stay or return to Syria"
"4 years on, Egypt's president urges patience over reforms"
Olympic gold winning sprinter Irena Szewinska dies at 72
Austria takes over EU presidency with pledge for security
"California, home of the first soda tax, agrees to ban them"
Afghan president ends unilateral truce extension amid rising Taliban attacks
Iraq's election recount to begin Tuesday
The midterm elections shape up as a battle over intensity. Are Democrats ready?
How one man's obsession led to the discovery of a lost WWII pilot
"Russians don't smile much, but that doesn't mean they don't like you"
Rocket developed by Japanese startup explodes after liftoff
"18 killed, 14 injured in China bus-truck highway collision"
US ambassador to Estonia resigns over Trump comments
Egypt postpones verdicts over 2013 sit-in citing 'security'
Olympic gold sprinter Irena Szewinska of Poland dies at 72
Ethiopia set to remove 3 armed groups from terror list
Britain's health service to reduce 'unnecessary' treatments
Rocket developed by Japan startup in flames after liftoff
Russian talks with rebels over south Syria collapse
There are signs North Korea is still working on its nuclear program. Here's why 'denuclearization' is so problematic.
"In swipe at Clinton, Sessions cited material released by WikiLeaks. Was that okay?"
"Mbappe, not Messi, stars as France beats Argentina 4-3"
Driver for Albania's interior minister found shot dead
"Arron Banks: The brash British millionaire who backed Brexit, befriended the Russian ambassador and loves Trump"
Protesters angry over 7-year-old's rape block India streets
The Latest: Spain rescues 63 migrants near southern coast
Report: Merkel secures deal with 14 EU nations on migrants
A white woman called police on a black 12-year-old - for mowing grass
Yemen's Hadi says cease-fire subject to rebel withdrawals
Other countries don't have Roe v. Wade. Here's how they handle abortion laws.
'Time to go': U.S. ambassador to Estonia abruptly resigns over Trump's attacks on allies
The Latest: Barcelona urges Spain to let migrant boat dock
Giuliani criticizes Europe's will to keep Iran nuclear deal
'We have to pick a great one': Inside Trump's plan for a new Supreme Court justice
'A political suicide march': Trump aims to inflict political pain on Democrats over their calls to abolish immigration enforcement agency
California introduced the first soda tax - but just approved a statewide ban
Mexico's presidential front-runner doesn't want to escalate the drug war
Read a U.S. ambassador's resignation due to Trump's 'factually wrong' attacks on allies
The Latest: Spain says Barcelona will welcome migrant ship
1 dead after helicopter crashes on Puerto Rico beach
'A political suicide march': Trump aims to inflict political pain on Democrats over calls to abolish immigration enforcement agency
"'The honorable course is to resign': U.S. ambassador to Estonia quits, citing Trump's 'factually wrong' attacks on allies"
Messi and Ronaldo exit World Cup without titles
Mexicans welcome pre-election quiet period
"He griped no one cared about his prank call to Trump. Then, he said, the Secret Service knocked."
A U.S. ambassador resigned over Trump's 'factually wrong' attacks on allies
Read a U.S. ambassador's resignation over Trump's 'factually wrong' attacks on allies
Mexicans welcome pre-vote quiet ahead of major election
"He griped that no one cared about his prank call to Trump. Then, he said, the Secret Service knocked."
St. Louis's Gateway Arch emerges with a new name and a skeptical view of western expansion
"Meet the British millionaire who backed Brexit, befriended the Russian envoy and loves Trump"
"North Korea working to conceal key aspects of its nuclear program, U.S. officials say"
