Certification in limbo in N.C. House race as fraud investigation continues
Eric Bauman resigns as California Democratic Party chairman amid sexual misconduct inquiry
Sen. Tim Scott says he will oppose Trump's nominee for North Carolina judgeship
"Two women to lead powerful House Appropriations Committee, a first for Congress"
Venezuela's President Maduro boosts minimum wage 150 percent
Trump asks Ronna McDaniel to stay on as RNC chair through 2020
'Individual 1': Trump emerges as a central subject of Mueller probe
Democrats reject new Republican plan to pay for Trump's wall
New tick species capable of transmitting deadly disease is spreading in the U.S.
Group files rights suit over Airbnb's Israel settlement ban
The Latest: Trump arrives in Argentina for G-20 gathering
President Trump arrives in Argentina for G-20 gathering after canceling Putin meeting
Koreas survey North's railways in hopes of joining networks
3 Filipino police guilty of teen's murder in brutal drug war
Cohen's plea deal renews scrutiny of Republicans' Trump-Russia report
An experiment requiring work for food stamps is a Trump administration model
'Tiny racist teeth': Amy Schumer responds to Hyde-Smith's victory with video of herself vomiting
7 found guilty in killing of Honduran environmental activist
"China says 8,000-strong UN peacekeeping standby force ready"
Cuba says the US is unfairly denying diplomatic visas
"Venezuela's president boosts wages, compares Trump to Hitler"
Uninvited guests keep watch for China inside Uighur homes
China deploys a million Communist Party members to live with predominantly Muslim ethnic minorities in Xinjiang
New warning to federal employees: No talk of 'Resistance' or opinions about impeachment at work
"Daunted by U.S. border, some caravan migrants seek asylum in Mexico - for now"
51 pilot whales die in another mass stranding in New Zealand
South Korea sends a train into North for the first time in a decade
113 inmates escape from Indonesian prison during prayer time
New leftist president promises transformation of Mexico
"As G-20 summit opens, contentious issues loom on sidelines"
Five leaders (who aren't Trump) to watch at the G-20
Australia raised detained refugee with Thai authorities
Thousands of Australian students protest climate change
Trump barrels into G-20 summit after nixing Putin meeting
'One family': Party members take homestays in far west China
"Does the sentencing bill give early release to drug traffickers, sex offenders?"
The Latest: Ukraine bars entry to Russian men from 16 to 60
Ukraine closes border to all Russian males between 16 and 60
Sri Lankan Parliament bars ministers using state funds
Australia raises detained refugee case with Thai officials
Australian police officer dies in New Zealand avalanche
Vietnam sentences 9 to death for heroin trafficking
"Families show debris, ask search for Malaysia jet to resume"
Children suffering in Central African Republic 5 years on
Power Up: Trump frets as Mueller probe follows him abroad
'Very legal & very cool': Trump dismisses criticism of his 2016 business project in Russia
Trump and Xi will soon meet. What can political science tell us about current U.S.-China tensions?
Iran's new anti-corruption courts have begun sending businessmen to the gallows
Japanese prosecutors extend detention of Carlos Ghosn as criticism mounts
French Senate worker faces treason charges over North Korea
China's Uighurs assigned 'relatives' who report to the state
"Slovakia house fire kills 4 children, 1 adult"
Japan court OKs extending custody of ex-Nissan chair
Vietnam jails 2 ex-police generals for role in gambling ring
"No talk of 'Resistance' or opinions about impeachment at work, federal employees are warned"
Trump's hubris-infused Russia deal coverup
"Why is once-peaceful Tanzania detaining journalists, arresting schoolgirls, and killing opposition leaders?"
House Democrats to unveil political reform legislation as 'H.R. 1'
Serbian president: Kosovo trade tax harms peace talks
The Latest: Trump meets with Argentine President Macri
Eurozone inflation eases as oil prices slump
Channel island's lights stay on after deal on power
Romania shuts hospital after babies diagnosed with superbug
The Finance 202: Will Trump and Xi make a deal in Buenos Aires?
The Health 202: Trump administration offers states four ways to circumvent Obamacare rules
Why is the Senate challenging Trump on Yemen? Here's what you need to know.
McConnell isn't bringing up criminal justice reform. Maybe he doesn't want to.
McConnell isn't bringing up criminal justice reform. Maybe he just doesn't want to.
"No talk of 'the Resistance' or opinions about impeachment at work, federal employees are warned"
Trump makes his first presidential visit to Latin America - a region where he is very unpopular
The Latest: Mexican government honors Trump adviser Kushner
Bosnian Srebrenica commander acquitted of war crimes
Greek court acquits 21 over raid on gold mining facilities
The Latest: Merkel to attend meeting to pass migration pact
"Trump upbeat at start of G-20 summit, predicts 'very productive' meetings"
The Cybersecurity 202: Rosenstein to tech companies: Police yourselves or face regulation
"Trump says he 'lightly' did business in Russia, after years of obscuring how hard he tried to"
Why isn't Mitch MicConnell bringing up criminal justice reform?
Trump calls USMCA 'a groundbreaking achievement.' But tariffs have turned ties with Canada cold.
Merkel missing the first day of G-20 is a metaphor for why you shouldn't believe all the myths about Germany
"The Latest: Spain rescues 650 migrants, finding dead woman"
"The Latest: Trudeau calls for end of steel, aluminum tariffs"
Turkish court rules to keep ex-Kurdish party leader in jail
The Latest: Tusk says EU set to extend sanctions on Russia
Police sweep in southern Italy nets 30 suspected mobsters
"The Latest: Leaders of US, Mexico, Canada sign trade pact"
The Energy 202: Trump administration seeks to block legal briefs from Democrats in national monuments case
Why isn't Mitch McConnell bringing up criminal justice reform?
"Why is once-peaceful Tanzania detaining journalists, arresting schoolgirls and killing opposition leaders?"
'It's still a blast beating people': St. Louis police indicted in assault of undercover officer posing as protester
Feds deport undocumented immigrant whose church supporters went to jail to protect him
South Korea releases 58 conscientious objectors after landmark ruling on military service
This is the man who recruited the 9/11 hijackers
Mexico begins moving caravan migrants to new shelter but faces mistrust
Jordanian man held after hammer attack wounds 2 Israelis
US urged to send Ebola experts in as Congo outbreak worsens
"Syria sends UN complaints over Israeli, US-led airstrikes"
Dutch church holds 24/7 service to shield asylum-seekers
'Enemy' or 'mother'? Chinese party members occupy homes
The lies that Mueller has already documented
The Daily 202: Incoming governors illustrate the rural turn Republicans have taken in the Trump era
"Headlined by Florence and Michael, a second straight destructive Atlantic hurricane season wraps up"
South Korea releases 57 conscientious objectors after landmark ruling on military service
Diplomats struggle for agreement on G-20 summit statement
"UN: Polio remains global emergency, eradication at risk"
"Ukraine bars entry to Russian males, upping ante in conflict"
"White liberals dumb themselves down when they speak to black people, a new study contends"
"Led by Florence and Michael, destructive Atlantic hurricane season wraps up"
"A bro-shake with Putin, a talking-to from Macron: The Saudi prince's less-than-royal treatment at the G-20"
"The Latest: Trump appears to walk past Putin, Saudi prince"
"Japanese prince wants royals to fund Shinto rite, not public"
"Defendant, prosecutors appeal verdict in Dortmund bus attack"
UN experts: South Sudan beset by 'alarming' sexual violence
Mexico starts moving some migrants to new shelter
The Trump denial pattern: From 'no way' to 'why not?'
Is floating a $50 million Trump Tower penthouse for Vladimir Putin illegal?
"Whitaker fielded early fraud complaints from customers at patent company yet promoted it for years, records show"
Trump breezes past Putin and Saudi prince at start of G-20 summit without even a handshake
"A 12-year-old passed out THC-laced gummies, police say. At least five classmates were hospitalized."
Facing the flock
"Scientists call for a halt to reproductive uses of gene editing, rebuke Chinese researcher"
The Latest: Trump wants to quickly balance trade with Japan
Yazidi women joining case against French firm over IS crimes
Family says Egypt arrested Brit for military chopper video
Austrian ex-officer suspected of spying for Russia arrested
"Chinese party agents watch over Uighur funerals, weddings"
Republican leadership struggles to secure votes for lame-duck $54 billion tax package
"Trump breezes past Putin at start of G-20 summit, exchanges 'pleasantries' with Saudi prince"
"The Fall, &#8216;Dragnet&#8217;: The Week In One Album"
Parts of New England and New York have seen a historically snowy November
"Hundreds of Jordanians seek PM resignation, protest tax plan"
The Latest: Trump hasn't had 'discussion' with crown prince
Congo says terror threat against US in Kinshasa is serious
Bulgaria prepares to pump Russian gas to Central Europe
Six White House officials reprimanded for violating the Hatch Act
Raul Grijalva called on Ryan Zinke to resign. Zinke tweeted back about the congressman's history of alcoholism.
"N.C. election officials plan hearing over fraud concerns in U.S. House race, raising possibility of new election"
'Major' damage to Anchorage area after severe magnitude-7 earthquake in Alaska
"In France, the pain behind the 'yellow vest' protests is felt mostly outside Paris"
The Trump administration tried to save a U.S. university by playing nice with an autocrat. It failed.
Italy summons Egypt ambassador over Regeni killing
"Plane crashes in Sao Paulo neighborhood, 2 dead, 12 injured"
"Whitaker fielded early fraud complaints from customers at patent company even as he championed it, records show"
Obama's evolution from downplaying identity politics to acknowledging the prevalence of tribalism
Why allegations of voter fraud in North Carolina are being treated seriously
The Latest: Trump-Merkel meeting set for Saturday
Vatican enters European bank system in new sign of progress
La Scala struck falling bridge from 'Attila' after Genoa
"'It's hard for him to think straight from the bottom of the bottle,' Zinke says of senior House Democrat"
Trump administration approves seismic tests that could harm thousands of Atlantic dolphins and whales
DHS asks Pentagon to extend the military's Mexico border deployment through at least January
Homeland Security asks Pentagon to extend the military&#8217;s Mexico border deployment through at least January
"Royal Mail delivers: Postman, can you take this to heaven?"
"China's Uighurs told to share beds, meals with party members"
A low-key Colorado Democrat is trying to settle the Nancy Pelosi speaker dispute
"Deportation may be worse than jail, a court just ruled. Why that's a big deal."
A man and his baby: A desperate bid to cross into US
Ukraine bars entry to Russian men of fighting age
Brazil President-elect to end military intervention in Rio
"Over 22 days, Nancy Pelosi convinced 66 on-the-fence Democrats to support her"
Another 'miracle' school exposed. Sigh.
Here's how the Anchorage earthquake happened
Couple were refused a D.C. marriage license when the clerk asked for a 'New Mexico passport'
"After a record number of U.S. deaths in 2017, the opioid epidemic may be receding"
"A 12-year-old gave out THC-laced gummies, police say. At least five classmates were hospitalized."
Prosecutors say they are still weighing new charges against ex-Trump campaign chairman Manafort
He was 10 when his mother sent him away to escape the Nazis. He never saw her again.
"'Gene drive' research to fight diseases can proceed cautiously, U.N. group decides"
Senate Intelligence Committee has referred cases of suspected lying to Mueller
"Snubbed by Trump, Putin charms other players at G20"
