Trump says he's finished writing answers to questions from special counsel Robert Mueller
Democrat Stacey Abrams admits defeat in contentious Georgia governor's race
Nelson's chance at win in Florida Senate race dwindles as key counties complete hand recount
House Ethics Committee sanctions two members over sexual harassment allegations
Trump actually admitted a mistake - mostly
The Trump team's history of flirting with - and promoting - now-accused-criminal Julian Assange
The Nancy Pelosi speaker debate is a proxy for the war over the future of the Democratic Party
"Trump wonders why no one is talking about the less-interesting, still-not-great part of the midterms"
Fudge says she might delay a decision on whether to challenge Pelosi for speaker
Trump jokes and jabs as he bestows Presidential Medal of Freedom
'A win's a win': Kentucky lawmaker wins statehouse seat by a single vote
Democrats want to alter ban of hats on House floor to allow religious headwear
Former Trump campaign adviser George Papadopoulos asks for delay in imprisonment
"House Republicans to subpoena Comey, Lynch in probe of FBI and Justice Dept."
'Keep those judges coming': Conservatives praise Trump's success in filling the courts
Can Florida&#8217;s recount be done fairly? Maybe. Here&#8217;s what makes the difference.
Orange County isn't only a mark of the GOP's bad 2018. It may be a warning about the future.
"Grassley to become Finance chairman, likely leaving Judiciary panel to Graham"
"Trump to nominate Andrew Wheeler, a former coal lobbyist, as next EPA administrator"
George Conway would rather 'move to Australia' than vote for Trump again
Trump says he&#8217;s finished writing answers to questions from special counsel Robert Mueller&#8217;s investigation
"The Beatles, &#8216;Rain&#8217;: The Week In One Song"
She lost three children in shootings. Only one person has been charged.
Salmonella contamination in turkey is widespread as Thanksgiving approaches
"DeVos releases sexual assault rules she hails as balancing rights of victims, accused"
"Marijuana is getting cheaper. For some states, that's a problem."
"Betsy DeVos releases sexual assault rules she hails as balancing rights of victims, accused"
"EPA's top Southeast official out on bail, faces state ethics charges"
'We're part of the master race': White county official under fire over comments to black woman
"For U.S. colleges, playing the great expectations game comes at a cost"
Camp Fire smoke closes UC-Berkeley and other Bay Area colleges
A teen inhaled deodorant spray to get high. Then he went into cardiac arrest.
Salmonella contamination in turkey is widespread and unidentified as Thanksgiving approaches
Nearly half of people ages 6 to 21 in the U.S. last year were nonwhite
'Green Book': A new movie evokes the crucial guide for black travelers during segregation
A man shouted 'Heil Hitler' and 'Heil Trump' during 'Fiddler on the Roof' - and people fled
Lou Dobbs casually makes up story that 'many' illegal immigrants voted in midterms and had 'immense impact'
Maid of the Mist's crew feel the pain of tighter U.S. visa policy
"Mark Twain's typewriter - 'full of defects, devilish ones' - nearly drove him bonkers"
My family escaped the Woolsey Fire. It was the third disaster we fled in a year.
"A rogue turkey that can't be captured has become the unofficial 'mayor' of Ashwaubenon, Wis."
'I'm not going back': Calif. deputies kill wanted felon amid Camp Fire cleanup
His ex accused him of an attack that could have meant life in prison. A selfie saved him.
Camp Fire's destruction in Northern California leaves rescue teams sifting through debris for human remains
Stephen Colbert's explanation of God starts with a story about broccoli. It's not necessarily funny.
Ukraine tore down its Lenin statues. The hard part is filling the spaces left behind.
"As pro- and anti-Brexiteers unite in distaste for deal, Brussels shrugs"
Analysis: What it would take to oust Prime Minister Theresa May
Syrian and Israeli diplomats clash at U.N. over Golan Heights
Pollution refugees: People flee Delhi's smoggy air
Woman says she married Khashoggi in ceremony kept secret from his fiancee and some in his family
Whitaker's opponents take legal challenge to Supreme Court
CIA concludes Saudi crown prince ordered Jamal Khashoggi's assassination
"At the U.S. border, migrant caravan will slow to a crawl"
Immigration worries drove the Brexit vote. Then attitudes changed.
What it would take to oust British Prime Minister Theresa May
Chinese schoolchildren burned by UV lamp left on in the classroom. Again.
"After flopping in Europe, can the White House succeed in Asia?"
"In El Salvador, where abortion is illegal, a rape survivor who gave birth faces trial for attempted abortion"
"Without a body, mourners gather in Turkey and Saudi Arabia to commemorate Jamal Khashoggi"
Early elections look likely in Israel with Netanyahu's coalition on verge of collapse
North Korean leader Kim Jong Un inspects testing of unspecified new 'tactical weapon'
India's pollution refugees: People are fleeing Delhi because of the smoggy air
"American traveler missing in Mexico was killed by Sinaloa cartel, officials say"
"Julian Assange has been charged, prosecutors reveal inadvertently in court filing"
"U.S., Saudi steps in Khashoggi case don't go far enough, lawmakers say"
Veterans aren't getting their GI Bill payments - because VA's 50-year-old computer system broke
"May vows to see Brexit through, despite wave of resignations and party acrimony"
Key facts about APEC host Papua New Guinea
Tijuana mayor: Caravan influx to last at least 6 months
UN envoy: Warring parties in Yemen agree to meet in Sweden
"Colombia president snagged by protests, congressional revolt"
"Health care, energy companies power US stock market higher"
Rep. Mia Love pulls ahead of Democrat Ben McAdams as judge dismisses her lawsuit
Free-press advocates worry Assange charges could set dangerous precedent - though details remain unclear
Homeless Aussie who helped thwart attack charged with theft
UN committee condemns rights violations against Rohingya
Classic car enthusiasts plan Dec. 15 festival in Havana
UN chief reports significant results against rebels in Congo
House Ethics Committee sanctions two members over sexual-harassment-related allegations
"Trump plans to nominate Andrew Wheeler, former coal lobbyist, as EPA chief"
Supreme Court will hear arguments concerning Census citizenship question
'Toxic' is Oxford Dictionaries' 2018 word of the year. 'Gaslighting' and 'techlash' are among runners-up.
A look at Americans who have been detained in North Korea
GOP senator: It's a 'great idea' to make it harder for 'liberal folks' to vote
House Ethics Committee sanctions a Democrat and a Republican over sexual-harassment-related allegations
US opposes UN resolution upholding Syria's right to Golan
"China, US trade barbs in speeches at Pacific summit"
Democrat Stacey Abrams accepts defeat in contentious Georgia governor's race
Abe visits Darwin shrine to Japanese war dead
Argentina: Submarine missing a year found deep in Atlantic
"Argentina's navy says submarine missing for year found 800 meters (2,625 feet) down in Atlantic"
Death toll rises to 71 in California wildfires as relatives search for the missing
"Trump plans to nominate Andrew Wheeler, former coal lobbyist, as next EPA chief"
French drivers to block roads to protest rising fuel taxes
The once poisoned and imprisoned foes of Putin gather in London
Facebook says steep rise in data requests from Indian gov't
Experts weigh the record of Cambodia's Khmer Rouge tribunal
Democratic Rep. Moulton draws fire for campaign to deny Pelosi speaker's job
French drivers blocking roads to protest rising fuel taxes
Egyptian sentenced to death for killing Christian doctor
Half of the opposition to Pelosi is from her non-incumbent right flank
Gary Hart's fall: How The Washington Post covered the affair that derailed his presidential bid
Surviving the Camp Fire was hard enough. Now these animals have to find their humans.
Pence and Xi deliver dueling speeches despite signs of trade detente
Criminal case as pollution surges in Russian river
Parade welcomes Dutch St Nicholas amid debate over helper
New president replaces autocratic leader in the Maldives
Trump's border deployment will face scrutiny from new Democrats with national security experience
Search on for 8 missing Algerian migrants near Sardinia
"Supporters, opponents clash over Dutch character Black Pete"
African leaders applaud Ethiopia prime minister for reforms
"Afghan official: Taliban target police checkpoint, killing 5"
Report: US-led airstrikes kill 40 in IS-held area of Syria
The CIA's big finding on Jamal Khashoggi's death pits a disbelieving Trump against his intelligence community - again
How medical marijuana made me a better mom.
????? ??????????? ???????? ????? ??? ??? ????? ??????? ??? ??????? ???? ??????
France's climate change commitments trigger rising diesel prices and street protests
"Congo rebels attack, burn homes near UN base in east"
Climate change protesters block off 5 London bridges
"Thailand recovers boat that sank in July, killing 47 Chinese"
Azerbaijan opposition leaders arrested in capital
Turkey: 8 activists held over anti-govt protests released
Trump again offers GOP votes to make Pelosi speaker. This time it doesn't sound like he's joking.
Trump says he'll speak with CIA about Khashoggi killing
Trump won't believe his own intelligence community - again
Students protest Zuckerberg-backed digital learning program and ask him: 'What gives you this right?'
Argentina minister says country without means to rescue sub
Czechs rally against PM on Velvet Revolution anniversary
Trump again suggests California mismanaged forests as he heads to fire-damaged state
What has President Trump learned from defeat?
From slavery to possible sainthood: The story of America's first black priest
US military chief says tech giants should work with Pentagon
"In Mississippi, Republican concern rises over a U.S. Senate runoff that should have been a romp"
A rise from slavery to possible sainthood: The story of America's first black priest
Submarine that vanished with 44 sailors found near Argentina; search for bodies and answers begins
Cyclone kills 33 in India with thousands in relief camps
Death toll from cyclone that hit coast of southern India has risen to 33; authorities rush help to evacuees
C. African Republic militia leader turned over to tribunal
Pakistani Taliban kill former police officer in Quetta
"'This would be a very good time to do a shutdown,' Trump says"
"'You should have died in the Holocaust': Neo-Nazi harassment is not free speech, judge rules"
"The Big Number - 21 percent of babies are born by C-section, nearly double the rate in 2000"
'Big Game' between Cal and Stanford postponed due to poor air quality
Trump speaks with CIA about Khashoggi killing
"Greece: Police, anarchists mark 1973 uprising with clashes"
Migrants get cool reception in Mexican border town
Chechen official says only bomber dies in checkpoint attack
House GOP women confront a political crisis - their party is mostly men
A 'stress test' for the next campaign: Florida recount sets the rules of engagement for the 2020 race
????? ??????????? ???????? ?????? ??? ??? ????? ??????? ??? ??????? ???? ??????
"Trump pledges federal help for burned out Californians, but he again blames poor forest management for fires"
Democrats plot response to Trump on immigration amid fears they could go too far
Andrew Gillum (D) concedes to Trump ally Ron DeSantis (R) in Florida&#8217;s gubernatorial race
"Michael Avenatti law firm evicted after not paying more than $213,000 in back rent"
Argentinian submarine that vanished with 44 sailors has been located
"Despite signs of trade detente, Pence and Xi give dueling speeches"
"New sanctions on Iran choke off medicine imports, analysts say"
"Fresh sanctions on Iran are already choking off medicine imports, economists say"
Trump pledges federal help for burned out Californians but again blames poor forest management for fires
Gillum concedes in Florida gubernatorial contest
Climate change commitments made by France lead to rising diesel prices and street protests
U.S. Navy officer could face questions in Norwegian frigate collision
