Primary elections: Polls close in Pennsylvania as Democrats eye results
'No broken bones ... no major scars': Parents deny torturing 10 children found living in filth
Gaza's deadly border
"UN peacekeeping force to stay, but shrink, in Abyei region"
Primary elections: Barletta wins GOP nomination in Pennsylvania for U.S. Senate
"In this Pa. town, you can flip the channel all you want - the news is often the same"
"S. Korea calls N. Korea's decision to cancel high-level meeting ""regrettable,"" demands quick return to talks"
The Latest: Israeli military sends aid to Gaza
North Korea threatens to cancel US summit over drills
"Primary elections: Barletta claims GOP Senate nomination in Pa., as Democrats settle crowded contests"
Ortega to attend opening of Nicaragua's national dialogue
N.Korea official says country has no interest in summit with US if it's based on 'one-sided' demands to give up nukes
"Highway overpass collapses in India, killing at least 18"
Primary elections: Buehler wins GOP nomination to challenge Oregon Gov. Kate Brown
"North Korea expands threat to cancel Trump-Kim summit, saying it will reconsider if U.S. demands country give up nukes"
Guatemala: New details given in graft probe of president
"Malaysia's reformist icon Anwar Ibrahim is released from custody, paving way for political comeback"
Australia upholds Nauru decision to reject 3 refugee claims
The Latest: South Korea says military drills will go on
"North Korea expands threat to cancel Trump-Kim summit, saying it won't be pushed to abandon its nukes"
"Malaysia's reformist icon Anwar freed, given royal pardon"
China says military exercises intended to threaten Taiwan
"In Nicaragua, Daniel Ortega bends to Catholic Church"
"Highway overpass collapses in India, killing 18 people"
Official: Government troops push back Taliban from west city
How Trump's ZTE deal could undercut his foreign policy
4 shot dead in attack on Indonesia police; officer killed
Bangladesh Supreme Court upholds bail for opposition leader
Water mismanagement leaves India's Silicon Valley parched
"Indonesian police shoot dead four sword-wielding men who attacked a police headquarters in Sumatra, killing one officer"
New Singapore anti-terror law can order media blackout
Rescuers search for survivors after Indian ferry capsizes
"Small plane crashes in Nepal's mountains, killing 2 pilots"
Chinese tourists spark anger in Vietnam over map on shirts
"False starts, failures in diplomacy with North Korea"
Veteran Sherpa guide scales Everest for record 22nd time
LA Times suspends Beijing bureau chief amid misconduct probe
Australian court staffer fired for reading cardinal charges
"North Carolina shuts schools, braces itself as teachers flock to state Capitol"
The Latest: Turkey asks Israeli consul general to leave
French lawmakers stop short of setting age of consent
Pope warns bloodshed in Gaza hurts peace: 'War begets war'
Merkel says Germany remains committed to Iran nuclear accord
Chemical weapons watchdog: Chlorine was likely used as weapon in Syrian town of Saraqeb in February
Surprised by the anger toward McCain? Party loyalists can hate apostates as much as opponents.
The Latest: Japan defends US-S. Korea military drills
"Fearing bloodshed, Burundi faces vote on president's power"
The Latest: Israel summons Turkish diplomat in growing spat
China urges North Korea to proceed Trump summit amid threats
Idaho primary: Paulette Jordan wins Democratic nomination for governor; will face Lt. Gov. Brad Little
Burundi votes tomorrow on controversial constitutional amendments. A lot is at stake.
Trump voters warn him not to fire Mueller: 'People would be suspicious'
"Ethiopia, Egypt, Sudan agree to study filling of Nile dam"
Human Rights activist seeks to block Israeli expulsion plan
"EU Commissioner: Progress on migration, but more to be done"
Watchdog: Chlorine used in Syrian town of Saraqeb
Millions of Muslims prepare for start of fasting in Ramadan
"Italian, Polish climbers win prestigious Spanish prize"
Experts don't like Trump's withdrawal from the Iran deal - or his foreign policy in general
The Cybersecurity 202: Why cybersecurity experts are so concerned about the health-care industry
"The Ice Cube-Steve Bannon-Qatar allegations, explained"
The Health 202: Here are three big ways the Trump administration could put its mark on Medicaid
"As Senate plans war powers debate, one liberal Democrat seeks stronger constraints on White House"
Why Iraq's surprising election doesn't signal major changes
"When it comes to student debt, it's really a matter of wealth"
"Exploding vape pen caused Florida man's death, autopsy says"
"Philly prosecutors 'in all likelihood' sent innocent man to prison for murder, DA says"
Anne Frank's hidden diary pages: Risque jokes and sex education
"Meghan Markle, Prince Harry and the pressures of royal wedding traditions"
Belgian court rejects Spanish extradition bid for 3 Catalans
Rights groups seek prosecution of Gambian ex-leader in Ghana
The Latest: Palestinians recall 4 European ambassadors
Inmate on radicalization watch list escapes French custody
"Primary elections: Energized Democrats settle crowded Pa. contests, back women two years after Clinton loss"
Women will probably lose more than they will win in 2018. But their candidacies are still a big deal.
The Finance 202: Trump caved to China on ZTE. Now other countries are sensing weakness.
Republican lawmakers to Trump: Keep up the charm offensive
"Idaho primary: Paulette Jordan wins Democratic nomination for governor, will face Lt. Gov. Brad Little"
Congo's health ministry says doses of Ebola vaccine arrive
The Latest: White House hopeful NKorea summit will occur
The Latest: Hamas rejects medical aid from Israel
EU official insists nuclear deal with Iran must prevail
Minister says Iran to target VPNs because of links to US
The GOP cowers before almighty Trump - again
"Gina Haspel, Trump's pick to lead CIA, wins support of Senate Intelligence Committee"
Thousands of pages of congressional testimony shed light on 2016 Trump Tower meeting
The Daily 202: The far left is winning the Democratic civil war
The Energy 202: Wilbur Ross declined to endorse his own department's climate science findings
What's this 'Libya model' North Korea is so angry about?
A timeline of North Korea's backtracking on denuclearization talks
"Meghan Markle, Prince Harry's bride: A 'confident mixed-race woman' marries into the Royal family"
EU chief Tusk chides Trump for 'capricious' policies
Russian village evacuated after ammunition depot fire
2 Sherpa guides scales Everest setting new records
The Latest: Putin: Russian warships will remain off Syria
Human rights activist sues to block Israeli expulsion
5 things we just learned from the Trump Tower meeting transcripts
People are golfing in Hawaii while the Kilauea volcano erupts and the photos are nuts
"E.U. leader lights into Trump: ""with friends like that, who needs enemies?"""
U.S. financial sanctions on Iran net a freshly minted Iraqi lawmaker
Little royals George and Charlotte threaten to upstage everyone else at Uncle Harry's wedding
"Israel, Palestinians spar over new Jerusalem embassies"
Poland's top court acquits man who spent 18 years in jail
Egypt pardons hundreds jailed for demonstrating
North Korea threatens to cancel Trump-Kim summit over drills
Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg will meet with European regulators probing Cambridge Analytica
It's increasingly hard to believe that the Trump Tower meeting wasn't common knowledge
Trump's White House sounds like a trust-free zone
7 big things we just learned from the Trump Tower meeting transcripts
A barista refused to serve a man 'being very racist' to a Muslim. Her bosses backed her.
"E.U. leader lights into Trump: 'With friends like that, who needs enemies?'"
"As criticism for Israel mounts, Guatemala opens its embassy in Jerusalem"
Egypt's president defends metro fare hike after protests
More Chilean sex abuse victims speak up during pope summit
Israel-Turkey spat escalates over Gaza violence
Traffic opens on bridge linking southern Russia with Crimea
Syrian military seizes key swath of land in country's center
"Russia favored Trump in 2016, Senate panel says, breaking with House GOP"
7 big things we just learned from the Trump Tower meeting testimony
'It wasn't the big one': Massive ash plume explodes from summit of Hawaii volcano
A tree toppled onto an SUV and killed an 11-year-old girl as strong winds ravaged the Northeast
North Korea expands threat to cancel Trump-Kim summit
"Malaysian reformist Anwar Ibrahim released from prison, granted royal pardon"
Amnesty says Europe complicit in Libyan abuse of migrants
"Malaysian police visit ex-Prime Minister Najib Razak's house, reportedly search for documents on corruption scandal"
French President to host meetings in Riviera holiday retreat
Spokesman: Duterte orders lifting of labor ban to Kuwait
South Korea has reason to be both skeptical - and optimistic - about dialogue with North Korea
"According to the Poor People's Campaign leaders, the poor are truly America's forgotten men and women"
Trump says he will continue to insist on denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula
Would Bill O'Reilly's viewers follow him to a smaller network?
What Paul Manafort's Trump Tower notes mean
"Someone, somewhere, is making a banned chemical that destroys the ozone layer, scientists suspect"
Rapper T.I. arrested outside his gated community near Atlanta
Putin made a show of crossing the new Crimea bridge. But he was upstaged by a cat.
What's John Bolton's 'Libya model' North Korea is so angry about?
"Former inmates of China's Muslim 're-education' camps tell of brainwashing, torture"
Turkey's leader is helping to crash its currency
Moscow formally protests journalist's arrest in Ukraine
The Latest: Cypriots protest Israel's actions in Gaza
"Iraq: Armed men trap election workers in Kirkuk, block count"
GOP renegades inch closer to forcing immigration votes as leaders scramble for Plan B
The Russia report Trump likes best just took a big credibility hit
"In new financial disclosure, Trump reports apparent payment through his personal attorney to adult-film star"
The U.S. spends less on children than almost any other developed nation
John Bolton proposed the 'Libya model' for North Korea. Why is Pyongyang so angry about it?
"Why some Latin American countries are rushing to open Jerusalem embassies, too"
"Independent candidate, ex-1st lady Zavala leaves Mexico race"
Nicaraguan opposition talks with President Daniel Ortega
Mexican independent candidate and ex-first lady Margarita Zavala says she is dropping out of July 1 presidential race
Italy's populists brush off EU concerns about possible gov't
The narrow line Trump is trying to walk on the Stormy Daniels payment
Trump's new Stormy Daniels disclosure reveals yet another Rudy Giuliani contradiction
Why Trump won't like what's in the Senate Intelligence Committee report
South Korea has reason to be skeptical - and optimistic - about dialogue with North Korea
Surrogate mothers ask Supreme Court to stop 'exploitation' of women and babies
FDA reverses course on a $4.2 million no-bid grant to a former commissioner
Florida teacher on leave after he is accused of drowning raccoons in class
"Former inmates of China's Muslim 'reeducation' camps tell of brainwashing, torture"
The Latest: UN envoy fears international escalation in Syria
Hamas says most slain Gaza protesters were its members
Trump suggests Justice Department investigate Oakland's Democratic mayor for tipping off immigrants
A new way the Stormy Daniels payment might have broken a law
The Senate's new Russia report just undercut Trump in two big ways
Would Bill O'Reilly's viewers follow him to Newsmax?
"Navy 'callous' in how it describes deadly USS Fitzgerald collision, attorneys allege"
Trump nominee to head agency overseeing tailpipe rules won't say if humans cause climate change
"Humans are causing massive changes in the location of water around the world, NASA says"
A parent writes to Gates and Zuckerberg: You asked for advice on education. Here's mine.
Destructive line of violent storms kills five in Northeast
Analysis: John Bolton proposed the 'Libya model' for North Korea. Why is Pyongyang so angry about it?
"As criticism mounts for Israel, Guatemala opens its embassy in Jerusalem"
African athletes disappeared at the Commonwealth Games. Now they've surfaced to seek asylum.
Iraqis protest in Kirkuk over alleged voting fraud
French inmate on radicalization watch list escapes custody
Ex-Brazil gymnastics coach denies sexual abuse accusations
'Diplotainment at its pinnacle': Critics fear Trump's style eclipses substance on North Korea
Trump nominee to head agency overseeing tailpipe rules won't say whether humans cause climate change
"Blackouts, hyperinflation, hunger: Maduro faces reelection as Venezuela deteriorates"
U.S. watchdog on Afghanistan releases corrected Afghan troop numbers
EU chief lashes out at Trump amid new push to save Iran deal
Former Trump aide Rex Tillerson says 'alternative realities' are a threat to democracy
54 things Donald Trump Jr. couldn't 'recall' or 'remember' in his testimony
'The gorilla in the room': Inside Trump's failed efforts to meet Putin in 2013
Trump has earned $59 million in three years running attractions for New York City
North Carolina schools close as teachers flock to state's capitol
"Deputy vilified for staying outside during Parkland massacre gets $100,000 annual pension"
"A haven for refugees, this Nebraska high school builds a web of support for its diverse student population"
Trump's personal attorney solicited $1 million from government of Qatar
"As criticism of Israel mounts, Guatemala opens its embassy in Jerusalem"
Utah man jailed in Venezuela pleas for freedom in video
Macri says Argentina's currency crisis is over
"Spooked by petition, GOP leaders scramble to kill House immigration rebellion"
Rex Tillerson says 'alternative realities' are a threat to democracy
CDC comes close to an all-clear on romaine lettuce as E. coli outbreak nears historic level
'I'm not gonna lay here and just get shot.' Survivors describe the terror and chaos of Las Vegas massacre
Betsy DeVos went to New York to visit schools for the first time. Guess which ones.
Israel's use of fatal fire in Gaza: Excessive force or justified mob control?
Trump's personal attorney reportedly solicited $1 million from Qatar's government
"Guatemala embassy move seen as domestic win, pleasing US"
