Trump is blaming Democrats for separating migrant families at the border. Here's why this isn't a surprise.
"The U.S. lost track of 1,475 immigrant children last year. Here's why people are outraged now."
"Conservative, leftist head to contentious runoff in Colombia"
"The Latest: Rival concedes, leftist Petro in Colombia runoff"
"As tragedy follows tragedy, a mass-shooting routine has emerged"
Why New Jersey is leading the resistance to Trump's offshore drilling plan
"In Washington, North Korea's denuclearization talk draws skepticism"
U.S. officials meet with North Koreans despite uncertainty surrounding summit
The Latest: Duque promises steady hand if elected in runoff
Son of Russian spies fights for Canadian citizenship
"Afghan, Pakistani military officials renew push for peace"
Colombia set for combative runoff with divisions over peace
No reports of damage after magnitude 5.1 quake strikes China
Oman raises death toll in aftermath of Cyclone Mekunu to 6
"Earthquake shakes northeast China, but no apparent damage"
Australian Senate to vote in June on corporate tax cuts
"Rebels, Indian forces fight in disputed Kashmir; 2 killed"
"Swiss Re, Softbank call off talks on potential investment"
Pakistan picks former chief justice as caretaker premier
The Latest: German official hopes for pro-Europe Italy gov't
Afghan official: Gunmen kill 3 people in Herat province
Paris migrant hero who saved dangling child to meet Macron
An undocumented immigrant saved a toddler dangling from a Paris balcony. Now he's a national hero.
"The Latest: Heavy rain, floods hit parts of UK"
Poland says Russian gas pipeline is a 'new hybrid weapon'
"EU wants new Venezuela elections, prepares more sanctions"
Head of major Chinese bank found dead in apparent suicide
EU foreign ministers seek to keep Iran nuclear deal alive
2 women struck by lightning as summer storms lash Germany
France: Macron rewards migrant hero who saved dangling child
Syrian government vows to fight rebels despite US warning
"For the man behind the Vietnam Wall, the war's worst moment did not come in combat"
Embattled Spanish PM to face no-confidence vote this week
"Poland seeks permanent US troop presence, offers financing"
"Cyclone death toll in Oman, Yemen rises to at least 13"
China approves 13 new Ivanka Trump trademarks in 3 months
"Portugal considers allowing euthanasia, assisted suicide"
"'North Korea has brilliant potential,' Trump boasts as U.S. officials press ahead on summit arrangements"
Gambia's dictator ordered a witch hunt. This village is still haunted by it.
Pakistan's former spy chief banned from travel over book
"EU proposes moves to ban plastic stirs, straws, cotton buds"
Philippines says it told China of 'red lines' in sea feud
"UN, World Bank give cash to Yemen's neediest to avert famine"
"Years ago when my twin got breast cancer, I took drastic action and am grateful I did"
An undocumented immigrant saved a child dangling from a Paris balcony. Now he's a national hero.
UK faces calls for anti-abortion law changes in N Ireland
Syria vows to fight rebels despite US warning
"EU proposes to ban plastic straws, stirs, and cotton buds"
Subtropical Storm Alberto to make landfall on Florida panhandle
Trump's top Army appointee wants faster innovation. Can his service make it happen?
Ex-presidents see threat in rising Polish-Ukrainian tensions
Trump to meet with Japanese prime minister ahead of potential North Korea summit
Dutch court says time ripe for law to recognize 3rd gender
Paraguay leaves post early to take seat in Senate
"Israel, Hamas trade fire on Gaza border; Palestinian killed"
Ebola vaccinations begin in Congo's northwest town of Bikoro
"French business executive Serge Dassault, a top aviation and arms industrialist, has died in his Paris office at age 93."
"Cuba to update Soviet-era constitution, adapting to reforms"
Paraguay president leaves post early to take seat in Senate
South Korea's President Moon is the man in the (very precarious) middle
Talks to end Greece-Macedonia name dispute near final stage
Viral video shows officer punching woman on New Jersey beach
"Carcinogens found in regular cigarettes are in e-cigarettes, too, study finds"
She was suspected of underage drinking. Video shows an officer punching her in the head.
Two sprinters gave the black-power salute at the Olympics. It took them decades to recover from that gesture.
"In a time of chaos, a breakout year for black athletes"
"At Folsom prison, Johnny Cash found his cause"
Subtropical Storm Alberto to make landfall on Florida Panhandle within hours
What if your doctor offered genetic testing as a way to keep you healthy?
Don't kill that spider in your house. It's unlikely to bite you and is good for the environment.
Years ago when my twin got breast cancer I took drastic action and am grateful I did
Brazilian leader bows to truckers' demands but strike continues to cause chaos
Mexico train robberies rise as thieves block tracks
Canadian-owned mine cuts back in Mexico over safety
French prosecutor: 40 terrorism convicts to be released soon
Charges filed against former agents of Brazil dictatorship
Ex-spy accused of selling secrets to China claims he was trying to help the United States
The biggest stories you missed over Memorial Day weekend
"Brazilian leader bows to truckers' demands, but strike continues to cause chaos"
French billionaire who ran aviation empire dies at 93
"Serge Dassault, French billionaire who ran aviation empire, dies at 93"
Russian billionaire Abramovich gets Israeli citizenship
Subtropical Storm Alberto makes landfall along Florida Panhandle
His high school banned him from giving his valedictorian speech - so he took to a megaphone outside
Manning friend says she's safe after window-ledge tweet
"In Tennessee, Marsha Blackburn's embrace of Trump tests her standing with female voters"
"Alberto strikes Gulf Coast with dangerous surf, heavy rains"
"'The only one': In new West Wing season, Trump calls the shots and aides follow"
Dismayed Colombians weigh uneasy options in runoff race
Protests in Bolivia spread after death of college student
