VA chief Robert Wilkie once praised Confederate president as 'martyr to The Lost Cause'
"As her DNA test still reverberates, Sen. Elizabeth Warren's political operation shows fissures"
5 big takeaways from the new Michael Cohen and Paul Manafort filings
"Air Force failed six times to keep guns from Texas church shooter before he killed 26, report finds"
Correction: Honduras-Activist Slain story
"Court filings directly implicate Trump in efforts to buy women's silence, reveal new contact between inner circle and Russian"
"Mueller says Manafort told 'discernible lies,' including about contacts with an employee alleged to have Russian intelligence ties"
Life after a violent encounter with police: One ex-NFL player's story
"Officer killed in Calif. mass shooting was fatally struck by friendly fire, police say"
VA chief Robert Wilkie once praised Jefferson Davis as 'martyr to The Lost Cause'
A man killed his wife to be with his Grindr boyfriend. But his iPhone Health app gave his plot away.
Trump called journalists 'THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!' A Capital Gazette photographer had a powerful rebuttal.
An Arizona school district banned a state representative from its campuses after he said that African Americans 'don't blend in'
"When punk rock raged, Pete Shelley of Buzzcocks stuck with love songs and changed music history"
"Air Force failed 6 times to keep guns from Texas church shooter before he killed 26, report finds"
US Marines ID dead crew member in Japan warplanes crash
"At Harvard orientation for freshman lawmakers, skeptical Democrats confront lobbyists and CEOs"
"Ex-major leaguers Valbuena, Castillo die in Venezuela crash"
The FBI says the Proud Boys are not an extremist group after all
Ammon Bundy spoke kindly about the migrant caravans. The backlash has him reevaluating his supporters.
"Officials: 6 dead, dozens hurt in club stampede in Italy"
Italy's ANSA news agency: 6 dead and more than 100 injured in a stampede at a night club in central Italy
Paris shutters itself in fear of worsening protest violence
Yemen's warring parties meet for 3rd day of talks in Sweden
"6 dead, 35 injured in nightclub stampede on Italy's coast"
"6 dead, dozens hurt in nightclub stampede on Italy's coast"
The Latest: Protests underway on Champs-Elysees
New Zealand police: 22-year-old British tourist was murdered
Rouhani warns weakened Iran less able to fight trafficking
Protesters march through Paris amid fears of new violence
12 killed as bus plunges into rocky gorge in Indian Kashmir
"Africa's solid waste is growing, posing a climate threat"
Activist allowed to enter Poland ahead of climate march
Sikh temple could build bridge between India and Pakistan
Official: Roadside bombing kills 3 civilians in Afghanistan
New head of Merkel party seeks to build bridges with rivals
The Latest: Paris police fire tear gas on protesters
Malaysian Muslims stage rally to uphold Malay privileges
Police arrest 5 'terrorists' planning attacks in Pakistan
Minister: 'Anything could happen' if Brexit deal rejected
"The Latest: Paris police turn away protesters, seize goggles"
"On racism, Tim Scott said the GOP must strive to do better"
Can students pray in public schools? Can teachers say 'Merry Christmas'? What the law allows - and forbids.
Official: Roadside bomb kills 3 civilians in Afghanistan
Activists gather for climate march in Poland
"Hundreds join yellow vest rallies in Belgium, Netherlands"
Iran arrests 4 suspects in recent suicide bombing
Hungarian unions protest plan to relax labor 'slave law'
"Before Roger Ailes was a disgraced Fox News mogul, he was George H.W. Bush's 'wily media man'"
A push to make fracking waste water usable in agriculture - and even for drinking
"Clashes as yellow vest protests grow in Belgium, Netherlands"
"Spain aids pregnant woman, kayakers in migrant rescue"
Italy's migrants fear new law deprives them of protections
IMF approves $3.7 billion loan for oil-rich Angola
"The Latest: Police, yellow-vest protesters clash in Brussels"
South Korea's president once decried powerful tycoons. Now he needs them to woo Pyongyang.
Battle of wills: Tiny order of French nuns takes on Vatican
Is there a Brexit 'Plan B?' UK minister offers alternatives
"Greek policeman, 98 other Greeks denied entry to Albania"
"Rap concert stampede in Italy leaves 6 dead, over 50 hurt"
Trump announces Gen. Mark Milley as next Joint Chiefs chairman
Sen. Tim Scott tells fellow Republicans: Do better on judicial nominees
More salt and less whole grain allowed in Trump administration's new school lunch nutrition rule
The Latest: Peaceful climate march takes place in Paris
French police fire tear gas in Paris to halt angry protests
Albanian students continue protest to halve tuition fees
Malaysia Muslims rally to support upholding Malay privileges
Who will speak for the Democrats and what will they have to say?
"In corporate role, William P. Barr clashed with Justice Department that he now seeks to lead"
"McConnell resists pressure to move on criminal justice overhaul, angering some Republicans"
Egypt lawyer files case to change president's 2-term limit
Albanian students demand that tuition fees be cut in half
Death toll rises to 14 after bank robbery attempts in Brazil
George Conway blasts Trump's claim that Cohen filing 'totally clears the President'
Former Miss Kentucky charged with sending nude photos to 15-year-old ex-student
Protesters demand action against warming climate at UN talks
The Latest: French riot police charge protesters in Paris
"Chief of Staff John Kelly to leave White House by end of month, Trump says"
"White House Chief of Staff John F. Kelly will leave by year&#8217;s end, Trump tells reporters"
"Congress will have to 'start impeachment' process after Cohen filings, former Nixon counsel says"
Why are the 'yellow vests' still protesting in France? His name is Macron.
French minister: Violence in Paris 'under control' despite scattered tensions but is 'totally unacceptable'
IOC eases off support for electronic gaming as Olympic event
Rebel delegates at Yemen peace talks report some progress
Israeli army says it fired at suspected Hezbollah activists
"Riot in Paris: Armored trucks, tear gas, smashed glass"
"Mueller flashes some cards in Russia probe, but hides his hand"
"Tunisian protesters criticize Israel, support Palestinians"
Israel uncovers another Hezbollah tunnel dug from Lebanon
Pope to Romans in holidays speech: Make city more livable
"Concert stampede in Italy leaves 6 dead, over 50 hurt"
"The Latest: France: 135 hurt in protests; 1,000 detained"
"French minister: 135 people have been injured in protests Saturday; nearly 1,000 protesters are in custody"
Who will speak for the Democrats and what will he or she have to say?
Heather Nauert once cited D-Day in 'long history' of U.S.-German relations. Now she's headed to the U.N.
Venezuelan baseball fans mourn death of ex-major leaguers
Russia's most famous human rights activist dies at 91
Catholic monks killed in Algeria's civil war are beatified
"Rights chief: Lyudmila Alexeyeva, one of Russia's oldest, most decorated human rights activists, has died at 91"
'Siege warfare': Republican anxiety spikes as Trump faces growing legal and political perils
Families of service members killed in Mississippi disaster want more answers
Trump announces Gen. Mark Milley as pick for next Joint Chiefs chairman
Belgium PM reshuffles government after government crisis
What happens if the British Parliament votes down Theresa May's Brexit deal?
