Primary election: Trump's choice wins in Fla. governor's race; Democrats in tight battle
Trump-endorsed Rep. Ron DeSantis projected to win Florida GOP gubernatorial primary
"White House insists former CIA chief Brennan has no security clearance, says paperwork 'delayed'"
Showdown set in Fla. governor race: Trump-aligned Republican and African American Democrat who ran to the left win primaries
"Andrew Gillum projected to win Democratic primary for Fla. governor, bucking party&#8217;s recent trend of picking more centrist nominees"
Attacker at Philippine festival shared fruit to conceal bomb
US expects 2 Reuters journalists to be acquitted in Myanmar
Mother blames toddler's death on poor medical care in U.S. immigration jail
Calls for Cardinal Wuerl's resignation build after archbishop's accusing letter
Amnesty urges Malaysia to quash caning sentence of lesbians
"Rep. Martha McSally, first female U.S. fighter pilot to fly in combat, projected to win Ariz. GOP primary to replace Sen. Flake"
"A heart attack left him with a $109,000 bill. His story aired, and now he owes $782."
"Florida's unusually long red tide is killing wildlife, tourism and businesses"
"Study: Hurricane Maria and its aftermath caused a spike in Puerto Rico deaths, with nearly 3,000 more than normal"
"Trump administration to pay New York, Minnesota for lost health-care funds"
Two black pastors wanted help with a flat tire. A sheriff's deputy asked if they had guns or drugs.
Top interior staffer who backed shrinking national monuments to join BP
"Trump's choice and a liberal favorite win Florida gubernatorial nominations in Tuesday primaries, setting up a fierce November clash"
Japanese police probe 4 hospital deaths after air-con failed
Andrew Gillum is running in Florida on his 'lived experience'
Trump's quixotic quest for a trade-deal victory
"Greek ferry fire sends smoke billowing, but all aboard safe"
Indonesia detains Polish man in conflict-prone Papua region
Strong quake strikes in Pacific Ocean but no tsunami threat
John Cox's claim that he was raised by a 'single mother on the South Side of Chicago'
"Iraqi military: 6 killed in car bomb blast at checkpoint in western Anbar province, near Syrian border"
Iran intelligence claims it recruited ex-Cabinet member
UN: Ortega's Nicaraguan govt behind widespread repression
How an &#8216;Instagram hit list&#8217; helped prosecutors convict four members Detroit&#8217;s Seven Mile Bloods gang
Pope laments abuse in 1st post-bombshell Vatican appearance
Pakistani Islamists rally against anti-Islam cartoon contest
Israeli nationalists celebrate court's settlement legalizing
Clashes between political rivals kill 2 in eastern India
The Trump administration&#8217;s new &#8216;Iran Action Group&#8217; won&#8217;t work - for these 3 reasons
How an &#8216;Instagram hit list&#8217; helped prosecutors convict four members of Detroit&#8217;s Seven Mile Bloods gang
China races to corral a deadly outbreak of African Swine Fever before it spreads
Ugandan pop star Bobi Wine has kidney problem after jail
Officials: Al-Qaida attack on Yemen checkpoint kills 5
Russian President Putin in a televised address offers concessions to government's controversial pension reform plan
Japan basketballers who paid for sex get 1-year suspensions
Indian police break up protest against arrest of activists
5 Kenyan soldiers killed in roadside bombing in Lamu County
"Trump, without citing evidence, says China hacked Hillary Clinton's emails"
Two Moscow teens were released from jail after thousands protested in the streets. Here are 5 things you need to know.
No president has used sanctions and tariffs quite like Trump
"In Jamaica, a 5-year-old girl's dreadlocks are at the center of a Supreme Court battle"
Fire Dept: 2 workers die in scaffolding collapse near Disney
Professor arrested after wife's body found in office
Iraq official: Suicide bomber kills 7 at checkpoint in Anbar
Trump takes a dig at Jeff Flake as he congratulates the winner of the GOP primary to replace the Arizona senator
Winners and losers from the Arizona and Florida primaries
"We gathered data on every confirmed, line-of-duty police killing of a civilian in 2014 and 2015. Here&#8217;s what we found."
Questions remain after court rejects action by Trump against federal unions. Will he obey?
This teacher babysat while her former student attended a job fair: &#8216;Our job goes beyond the classroom.&#8217;
"Under rare pressure at home, Putin promises to soften pension overhaul"
Iran intelligence chief acknowledges having Israeli spy
China denies Trump's claim it hacked Clinton's emails
Car bomb claimed by Islamic State kills 7 in western Iraq
Libyan coast guard rescues nearly 400 Europe-bound migrants
Son's last shot for military exemption at Asian Games
"Rebels ambush police in Indian-held Kashmir, killing 4"
"Trump spars with Andrew Gillum, the surprise Democratic nominee in Florida's governor's race"
The Cybersecurity 202: These researchers worry more about cybercriminals hacking the grid than nation-state hackers
"A serial &#8216;dine-and-dasher&#8217; loved lavish meals and leaving women to pay for them, police say. He faces 10 felony charges."
Two Moscow teens released from jail after thousands protested in the streets
The Scallop Wars: French and British vessels clash in the English Channel
Trump complained about his Google results. Good thing he didn't try that search from Europe.
Romanian president blasts gov't for mismanaging swine fever
UN rights chief: Vowed US cuts wouldn't be 'fatal' to office
The Daily 202: Gillum's upset in Florida primary captures the story of the midterms in miniature
"Under rare domestic pressure, Putin pledges to ease hike in retirement age"
Scallop wars: French and British fishermen clash in the English Channel
The scallop wars: French and British fishermen clash in the English Channel
Pakistan Islamists rally against anti-Islam cartoon contest
Friday verdict for Australian filmmaker's Cambodian trial
Germany returns 27 sets of colonial-era remains to Namibians
Trump says White House Counsel Donald McGahn will leave his job in the fall
Pew report on religious types shows what Americans of different faiths have in common
&#8216;The Rock&#8217; sends emotional video to family of a mother and daughter killed in a fiery crash
"Two workers die after falling at construction site near Disney World, authorities say"
Trump administration seeks to ease tensions with Moscow as new sanctions loom
'Scallop Wars': French and British fishermen clash in the English Channel
The Latest: Pope's bombshell author says he's 'at peace'
Athlete becomes first person to swim English Channel length
Britons sent abroad as children sue government over abuse
Morocco shaken by harrowing account of tortured teen
An ode to one of the worst GOP candidates in recent memory
DeSantis says Florida voters would 'monkey this up' if they elect Gillum as governor
The Florida governor's race is the epitome of politics in the Trump era
"As temperatures keep trending up, 'heat belt' cities maneuver to stay livable"
India replaced its currency to wipe out illegal money stashes. Now the central bank says it didn't work
Police: suspect in killing of German woman detained in Spain
NATO sees Russian buildup ahead of wargames with China
The Latest: Greece: 3 held for allegedly aiding traffickers
Zimbabwe's leader names inquiry into post-election killings
NATO reports Russian naval buildup amid Syria tensions
Lula conviction in Brazil spotlight: Was it sham or solid?
India replaced its currency to wipe out illegal money stashes. Now the central bank says it didn't work.
Mexico president defends missing students investigation
Foreign minister: Turkey to accelerate EU reforms
Romanian president blasts gov't over swine fever response
"Friends, family gather at the Arizona Capitol to bid farewell to John McCain"
FBI pushes back on unfounded Trump claim that China hacked Hillary Clinton's email
"Florida's stubborn red tide is killing wildlife, tourism and businesses"
Carl Bernstein and CNN come under heavy fire after source from blockbuster report recants story
Egypt's president: 'Strong will' to find Italian's killers
UN chief: Offensive in Syria's Idlib risks aid catastrophe
"Turkey's Erdogan, Iranian FM meet to discuss Syria"
Indian Supreme Court orders house arrest for activists
"Britain, Nigeria sign defense pact to counter Boko Haram"
Ex-CIA officer running for Congress says GOP obtained her unredacted personnel file with sensitive information
Trump firing Jeff Sessions looks more likely than ever. Here's the storm that awaits.
Bob Costas and NBC reportedly are about to end a decades-long partnership
Education Department released incorrect school shooting data - without checking for errors
Argentina asks early release of IMF funds to calm markets
Greece holds 3 NGO members for allegedly aiding traffickers
Brazil could limit number of Venezuelans entering
Rumors fueled far-right protest after killing in German city
"Salmonella-tainted chicken killed 1, sickened 17 in multistate outbreak, CDC says"
Meteorology: A field of professionals who found their passion at an early age
Newspapers get a reprieve as trade commission nullifies tariffs
Pentagon: No decisions made about suspending future exercises with South Korea
China races to corral an outbreak of deadly African swine fever
Soccer superstar Mohamed Salah's feud with Egyptian authorities is giving voice to popular frustrations
Canada stunned and worried about Trump trade threats
"Merkel arrives for West Africa visit on business, migrants"
"U.S. is denying passports to Americans along the border, throwing their citizenship into question"
Artists put up a golden statue of Turkey's leader in Germany to spark a conversation. It worked. Too well.
Brazil presidential hopeful says let police kill criminals
"With a Russian dissident as pallbearer, McCain takes a tacit swipe at Putin"
&#8216;We did a fantastic job in Puerto Rico&#8217;: Trump defends response despite spike in deaths after Hurricane Maria
Newspapers get a reprieve as federal agency nullifies tariffs
"Brazil suggests limiting Venezuelan entries, then backs off"
Ex-Scottish leader quits party he once led amid sex claims
Pennsylvania prisons are locked down after 'unknown substances' leave several hospitalized
"'Nobody famous slept here,' but the old stone house on the Mall has endured"
William & Mary calls for a memorial to the enslaved people who helped build the school
Pennsylvania prisons are locked down after 'unknown substances' leave 29 hospitalized
Her daughter was killed in the Parkland shooting. She just won a seat on the county school board.
A group suggested pregnant women can drink. It's funded by the alcohol industry.
Deputies pulled over a car and found a baby not breathing. Here&#8217;s how they saved him.
Why Hurricane Maria&#8217;s death toll is misunderstood and incomparable to other disasters
"Grain-free, exotic dog food linked to heart disease"
FDA pushes for development of non-opioid pain medications
Cold rooms &#8216;notoriously sexist&#8217;? Cynthia Nixon seeks 76-degree setting for Cuomo debate.
Pompeo seeks to ease tensions with Moscow as new sanctions loom
Brazil presidential hopeful: let police kill criminals
UN chief urges conflict prevention and 'diplomacy for peace'
Pope's cover-up crisis turns battle lines into first salvo
Trump says U.S. shouldn't be spending money on 'war games' with South Korea
Former Vatican ambassador&#8217;s explosive letter reveals influence of conservative Catholic media network
