Former U.N. secretary general and Nobel Peace Prize winner dies at 80
Secret app gives Syrian civilians minutes to escape airstrikes
Brazilians attack Venezuelan immigrants in border town
Movement encourages Argentines to quit Catholic church
Annan's legacy of fighting for equality and rights lives on
113 dead turtles wash ashore on Mexican Pacific coast
"Maria Butina, accused of being a Russian agent, moved to Virginia jail"
ICE arrested a wanted man driving his wife to give birth. She drove herself to the hospital.
Police send up drones to gather information from accident scenes
Coca-Cola joins Kobe Bryant&#8217;s BodyArmor in sports drink battle
'Dream or reality?' Koreans to meet after decades apart
"Strong, deep undersea quake shakes Fiji; no damage expected"
The Latest: US's Pompeo sends condolences over Annan's death
Thousands stranded as floods submerge southern Indian state
Georgia voting rights activists move to block a plan to close two-thirds of polling places in a majority black county
Israel closing Gaza crossing after violence along frontier
Over 2 million Muslims begin annual hajj pilgrimage
Strong quake triggers landslides on Indonesian Lombok island
Trains bring drinking water to flooded southern Indian state
"Maria Butina, Russian gun rights advocate charged in federal probe, moved to Va. jail"
The Baptists and the yogis join to fight a pipeline
Former students of Key School in Annapolis allege sexual misconduct
The Trump administration keeps losing environmental court cases
Cyprus extradites Egyptian hijacker who dropped legal fight
Superdry founder gives $1.28 million to anti-Brexit campaign
Israeli questioning of US Jews at border expose deeper rift
"800,000 displaced in flooding in southern Indian state"
Khan's party wins top office in Pakistan's Punjab
Could greyhound racing soon be extinct in the U.S.?
New Trump power plant plan would release hundreds of millions of tons of carbon dioxide into the air
"Kofi Annan, former U.N. secretary general and Nobel Peace Prize winner, dies at 80"
Trump increasingly focuses his ire on China
Bolton says four foreign adversaries may try to interfere in U.S. midterms
"In horrifying detail, women accuse U.S. customs officers of invasive body searches"
The pope is set to visit an Ireland where true believers are in steep decline
Afghan president Ghani announces conditional ceasefire with Taliban for Eid al-Adha holiday; Taliban yet to respond
1 killed in Ugandan riots over alleged torture of lawmakers
"Sun celebrates Asian Games win, upset over flag malfunction"
Israeli questioning of US Jews at border exposes deeper rift
Uganda arrests American man who attacked hotel staff
"Trump is 'creating a list of political enemies,' former Joint Chiefs chairman Mike Mullen says"
"Trump lashes out at Russia probe, compares it to McCarthyism"
5 key lessons from the Taliban&#8217;s deadly resurgence in Afghanistan
Ghani offers another Afghan ceasefire
The Latest: Another strong quake jolts Indonesia's Lombok
Irish archbishop urges pope to speak frankly about abuse
Italy threatens to return migrants to Libya in new standoff
U.S. Geological Survey says magnitude 6.9 quake hits near Indonesia's Lombok island at depth of 20 kilometers (12 miles)
Sun celebrates Asian Games gold medal before flags fall
Afghan president offers two-month ceasefire to Taliban leaders
"In South Korea, families await reunions with Northern relatives with longing and trepidation"
Ghani offers another Afghan cease-fire
Big quakes trigger landslides on Indonesia's Lombok island
Brazil to send troops to town bordering Venezuela
"Afghan president calls for Eid cease-fire, Taliban to reply"
2 monks referred to trial over abbot's killing in Egypt
What will happen to DACA? Federal court cases could lead to an answer.
A Yelp reviewer called a restaurant&#8217;s pride flag &#8216;disgusting.&#8217; Customers rallied in response.
Italy bridge designer warned in 1979 of risk of corrosion
Imran Khan pledges to restore Pakistan's economy
Romanian minister: Hundreds involved in riot police attack
Sentence doubled for Israeli policeman who shot Palestinian
UK woman rescued after falling from cruise ship in Croatia
McCarthy quietly wages the other midterm campaign - for House speaker
'Truth isn't truth': Giuliani weighs risks of possible Trump interview in Russia probe
Trump speechwriter fired amid scrutiny of appearance with white nationalists
Nixon had an enemies list. Now so does Trump.
Brennan says he's willing to take Trump to court over security clearances
&#8216;Wasted our lives&#8217;: Catholic sex abuse scandals again prompt a crisis of faith
A jury convicted a doctor of raping a patient at a hospital - and sentenced him to probation
ICE arrested a wanted man driving his pregnant wife to give birth. She drove herself to the hospital.
"Heading into storms, a pilot takes breathtaking photos of nature's wrath"
"Blood pressure guidelines changed, and that wasn't good for my elderly mother"
Doing time on drugs: Jails are slow to dispense meds that curb inmates' cravings
"If you are young and have cancer, help can be hard to find. That's changing."
Republican Rick Scott sends a bilingual message in Florida race: He's not Trump
