Rancorous House probe of FBI and Justice Dept. ends quietly with interview of Loretta Lynch
"'God is responsible' for repairs, a cemetery reportedly said after flooding exposed caskets"
Blackwater guard convicted in 2007 mass shooting of unarmed Iraqi civilians
Last-minute scramble for ACA health plans suggests consumers not deterred by court ruling
"Judge blocks administration effort to deny asylum for migrants fleeing gang violence, domestic abuse"
Blackwater security guard convicted in 2007 Iraqi civilian massacre at third U.S. trial
"The Islamic State remains a deadly insurgent force, analysts say, despite Trump's claim it has been defeated"
Nicaragua expels outside experts probing protest deaths
London's Gatwick Airport completely shut after drones seen
"Mattis, once one of 'my generals,' loses his influence with Trump"
"Congress moves to avert government shutdown, deny Trump money for wall"
"U.S. troops to be pulled out of Syria quickly, White House says"
Trump's decision to withdraw U.S. troops from Syria startles aides and allies
Australian leader Scott Morrison visits troops in Iraq
UN reports 'alarming' trends in drug trafficking in Africa
Brazil's chief justice dashes da Silva's hopes for release
"Senate passes bill to keep government open until February, undercutting Trump's drive for border wall funding"
Illinois attorney general accuses Catholic Church of lowballing scope of sex abuse allegations
"A Florida deputy's last radio call was to tell colleagues he'd killed his family, officials say"
Last-minute scramble for ACA plans appears unaffected by court ruling
"In Detroit, one school leader's reaction to lead in the water: Shut off the taps"
NIH official commits to continued funding for some fetal tissue research
"In emotional hearing, Otto Warmbier's family seeks to hold North Korea accountable for his death"
Japan's court denies prosecutor's request to extend detention of ex-Nissan chair Carlos Ghosn
US envoy on North Korea visits border village amid stalemate
NKorea says it won't denuclearize unless US removes threat
3 astronauts return from International Space Station
North Korea says it won't denuclearize unless US removes nuclear threat
3 astronauts have returned to Earth from the International Space Station
Trump's Syria strategy was always a mess
Japan considers leaving IWC to resume commercial whale hunts
Sri Lankan leaders appoint Cabinet after political crisis
N. Korea says it won't denuclearize unless US removes threat
"AP PHOTOS: Migrant families wait, torn between hope, grief"
German court won't try 97-year-old Nazi death camp suspect
"Overstretched, protesting French police win pay boost"
Sri Lankan leader appoints Cabinet after political crisis
Japan court denies extended detention of Nissan's Ghosn
Drones shut London Gatwick airport amid busy holiday period
US allies in Syria rattled by Trump decision to withdraw
Trump's decision to withdraw from Syria rattles local allies
Denmark premier: Morocco tourist killings 'act of terror'
Putin warns expiration of nuclear arms control pact would be 'bad for humanity'
China says a third Canadian is detained in the country for routine visa violation
He went to Santa school and rides a camel. Meet Jerusalem's St. Nick.
North Korea rejects denuclearization unless U.S. 'nuclear threat' is eliminated
Cambodian leader's son gets boost in succession stakes
Egypt acquits 43 NGO workers on illegal funding charges
Trump thanks Albania for expelling Iranian diplomats
Brussels Jewish museum shooting suspect appears in court
"Spain finds 11 dead migrants, 33 rescued from boat"
Thousands protest economic hardship in Sudan
Will U.S. trade pressure actually change China's industrial policy?
Power Up: It's Trump versus 'My generals' on Syria
"ISIS is not defeated and will return if the U.S. pulls out, says America's Syrian ally"
"Putin backs Trump's effort to withdraw U.S. troops from Syria, says Islamic State has been dealt 'serious blows'"
Romania government faces censure vote over judicial overhaul
Travelers face chaos as drones shut London's Gatwick airport
Spokeswoman says that jailed Catalan separatist leaders are calling off their hunger strike
"US ally in Syria says pullout will aid IS, cause instability"
"Spain finds 11 dead migrants in boat, rescues 33"
The Cybersecurity 202: The big cyber story of 2018: The U.S. hasn't been tough enough on Russian hackers
Newspaper coverage of Muslims is negative. And it's not because of terrorism.
Rudy Giuliani is defending Trump with an argumentative technique even he admits is confusing
Rockefeller Center couldn't get people to visit. Then an ice skate salesman sparked an idea.
"Putin backs Trump's move to withdraw U.S. troops from Syria, says Islamic State dealt 'serious blows'"
Five of 2018's most memorable videos shot by The Post's foreign correspondents
Facebook shuts down fake Bangladesh news sites ahead of vote
Morocco arrests 3 more suspects in Nordic hikers' killing
Cambodian leader's eldest son advances in succession stakes
UK regulator says Russia's RT broke broadcasting rules
Trump calls withdrawing U.S. troops from Syria 'no surprise' amid mounting backlash
The Finance 202: Fed's Powell ignores White House and Wall Street
The Health 202: States in the Obamacare lawsuit are biting the hand that feeds them
"Nine months after deadly crash, Uber is testing self-driving cars again in Pittsburgh, starting today"
"Congo indefinitely delays election to replace Joseph Kabila, who has been president for almost 18 years"
When the news really is fake. German reporter admits fabricating coverage at leading news magazine
Attorney general nominee wrote memo criticizing Mueller obstruction probe
UN report finds women migrants in Libya often face gang rape
Japan court denies more detention of Nissan's ex-chair Ghosn
Zimbabwe says 'no need' to extradite former first lady
"UN: 'Overwhelming majority' of women, older-girl migrants interviewed in Libya report being gang-raped by traffickers"
The Energy 202: Zinke is gone. But this House Democrat still want his testimony.
The Technology 202: Ron Wyden says Zuckerberg is 'racking up the Pinocchios'
Trump's attorney general pick looks more and more like an anti-Mueller zealot
"Nine months after deadly crash, Uber is testing self-driving cars again in Pittsburgh"
DHS Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen to face questions from lawmakers
Turkey threatens to 'bury' Kurdish militants in Syria amid U.S. withdrawal
U.S. troop withdrawal from Syria risks aid effort to help survivors of anti-ISIS fight
Congo elections indefinitely postponed amid political turmoil
U.S. and more than a dozen allies to condemn China for economic espionage
The Latest: Drones: Gatwick disruptions to last until Friday
US ambassador pledges support for Mediterranean pipeline
Romania gov't survives censure vote over judicial overhaul
Brazil AG seeks corruption charges against President Temer
How transitional justice can affect Yemen&#8217;s future
"The Daily 202: Trump hands the Russians more victories with Syria withdrawal, sanctions relief and Ukraine inaction"
"Ethics officials say Whitaker need not recuse from supervising special counsel probe, according to a person familiar with the matter"
"Trump administration reaches deal that will force asylum seekers to wait in Mexico as cases are processed, DHS's Nielsen says"
Turkey threatens to 'bury' Kurdish forces in Syria amid U.S. withdrawal
Congo election indefinitely postponed amid political turmoil
Mexico agrees to allow migrants seeking asylum in US to remain in Mexico while applications are processed
Greece is recovering but its taxpayers face years of pain
The Latest: Air controllers say drone warnings ignored
"Summit or not, leaders of Spain and Catalonia to meet"
The Latest: Syrians protest Turkish threats of offensive
Stopgap spending bill would leave federal employees without a raise
'Fox & Friends' host rips Trump over border 'chaos' and 'irresponsible' Syria withdrawal
Trump: Trump is never wrong
The Energy 202: Ryan Zinke is gone. But this House Democrat still wants his testimony.
"In Brexit, Putin sees a crisis of democracy - not that he has anything to do with it"
U.S. condemns China for economic espionage
When the news really is fake: German reporter admits fabricating coverage at leading news magazine
Kosovo man charged with joining terror groups
Spain court grants $1.7 billion compensation for oil spill
Rome police search for twins after mother found in Tiber
The Latest: Troops may be sent to hunt Gatwick drones
Anti-lynching legislation a reminder of many lawmakers' hesitation to decry the act
Shutdown fight isn't Trump v. Democrats. It's Trump v. GOP.
Democrats announce a dozen 2020 presidential debates starting in June
House intelligence committee votes to turn over transcript of Roger Stone testimony to special counsel
A triple-amputee military vet raises $2.5 million for Trump's border wall in four days
Underperforming in New York: Nonprofit struggles to recover transplantable organs
Weinstein fails in bid to get charges dismissed
Congo election postponed for one week amid political turmoil
"In Syria, aid groups seek safer ground after Trump plans to withdraw U.S. forces"
U.S. charges Chinese hackers in alleged theft of vast trove of confidential data in 12 countries
The Latest: Official says France disagrees with Trump on IS
Putin welcomes US pullout from Syria
"Apples pulls iPhone 7, 8 from German stores in patent spat"
"Congo delays presidential vote until Dec. 30, citing fire"
Dutch lawmakers pass ambitious law to reduce emissions
Romania: Ex-minister's graft sentence suspended
Trump's war on basic logic
New Census data reinforces how central immigration is to population growth in the U.S.
Shutdown fight isn't Trump vs. Democrats. It's Trump vs. GOP.
"'Trump gets no credit': As Republicans question Syria withdrawal, Trump tweets to defend himself"
Headed for the airport? You're in good company.
She spent two years building a tiny house. Then thieves wheeled it away when she wasn't watching.
Two tourists killed in Morocco - one of them beheaded - in likely terrorist attack
U. S. charges Chinese hackers in alleged theft of vast trove of confidential data in 12 countries
The Latest: UK to allow night flights during airport closure
Orthodox believers rally to protest Ukraine parliament vote
"Mexican police find guns, 6,000 rounds in American's truck"
The Latest: US senators urge Trump to abandon Syria plan
"US ally in Syria says pullout will aid IS, Putin disagrees"
US self-defense airstrikes in Somalia kill 11 al-Shabab
"House backs bipartisan criminal justice overhaul, sends bill to Trump"
"Pro-Trump groups have raised $55 million from 136 wealthy donors, report finds"
A triple-amputee military vet raises more than $5 million for Trump's border wall in four days
Youth revolts and political opposition in Jordan
"Ethics officials said Whitaker should recuse from the Mueller probe, but his advisers told him not to, officials say"
Trump's decision on Syria is worrying allies in Iraq and emboldening opponents
Holiday chaos as drones shut London's Gatwick Airport
"Thousands protest economic woes in Sudan, at least 2 dead"
The Latest: Drones 'highly targeted' to disrupt UK airport
The Latest: Spanish PM arrives for talks in Catalonia
UK airport chaos highlights difficulty in stopping drones
A triple-amputee military vet raises more than $6 million for Trump's border wall in four days
"'I'm in your baby's room': A hacker took over a baby monitor and broadcast threats, parents say"
Macedonia panel adds Greek reciprocity clause to name deal
"Summit or not, leaders of Spain and Catalonia meet"
Trump always said he wouldn't be predictable. The consequences are on display this week.
A judge implied that Flynn was a 'traitor' who committed 'treason.' What does that actually mean?
Rep. Meadows tells federal employees who won't get paid during shutdown: You signed up for this
A judge implied Flynn was a 'traitor' who committed 'treason.' What does that actually mean?
Trump's pullback in Syria runs strongly against the views of his political base
The Trump Tower meeting gets another intriguing layer
How Republicans pivoted from the war on drugs to cutting prison sentences
"Yet again, a fistfight breaks out in Ukraine's parliament"
"The Latest: Spain, Catalan leaders agree to seek crisis' end"
Trump move to pull US troops from Syria opens way to turmoil
Police charge Brazilian spiritual healer
The Latest: Russian envoy welcomes US troop pullout
Looming crisis: Trump's made-up figure for the cost of illegal immigration is soaring
Judge rules Ocean City can keep banning female bare chests - for now
Mattis to step down as defense secretary over differences with Trump
Migrants will wait in Mexico while the U.S. processes asylum claims. That's a dangerous proposition.
"Disgraced German reporter stripped of awards, returns others"
A triple-amputee military vet raises more than $8 million for Trump's border wall in four days
The Trailer: Iowa's field of dreamers
