O'Rourke campaign blames 'impostor' for texts seeking undocumented immigrant voters
Trump and questions of presidential power dominate third day of Kavanaugh hearings
"'A never-ending cycle': Book, op-ed show how some Trump aides work to curb his instincts"
Potential 2020 candidates use Kavanaugh hearings to show resistance to Trump
Scooter use is rising in major cities. So are trips to the emergency room.
"In a shift, Trump approves an indefinite military and diplomatic effort in Syria, U.S. officials say"
12 Thais arrested for sharing Facebook post on rape report
Sen. Carper of Delaware holds off challenger for win in Democratic primary
New York attorney general's office has issued subpoenas to every Catholic diocese in the state
Japan quake toll up to 16 as searchers look under landslides
Brazilian candidate in serious condition after stabbing
India's Supreme Court strikes down law that punished gay sex
Trump raises the specter of impeachment at Montana rally
"Through fragments of long-lost lives, lab aims to give military families some peace"
A sleeping student wouldn't wake up in class. So an officer pulled out her Taser.
"Trump agrees to an indefinite military effort and new diplomatic push in Syria, U.S. officials say"
Strong quake hits south Ecuador; no early reports of damage
SKorea's Moon wants 'irrevocable' progress on nuke diplomacy
Past goose-steppers proud of place in North Korean parades
Trump jokingly praises congressman for assaulting a reporter
"Sen. Carper of Delaware holds off challenger, wins Democratic primary"
Officials unveil new facial recognition system at Dulles International Airport
"Cleared of murders, convicted of speech: Bittersweet end to case of accused Goucher professor"
Japan quake toll up to 16 as rescuers dig through landslides
Florence weakens to tropical storm but forecast to regain strength and draw close to East Coast
China's Xi plans to meet Putin on visit to Russian port city
Chile prosecutors question bishop in clerical abuse scandal
Stabbing of a leading Brazilian candidate could reshape race
The torture of a pop-star politician roils Uganda
Syria summit in Iran may decide Idlib military offensive
President Trump's repeated claim: 'The greatest economy in the history of our country'
US Defense secretary makes surprise visit to war-weary Kabul
"Australia, New Zealand deploy planes to enforce UN sanctions"
"Back to school, but not for all of Syria's children"
The Latest: Iran: Syria summit 'invaluable opportunity'
Japan's next emperor heads to France for goodwill visit
Pakistan removes minority Ahmadi from economic council
Duterte: Defiant senator won't be arrested without warrant
'There's a new sheriff in town': Trump uses official events to wage campaign against press
"Tensions in Baghdad after mortar attack, violence in south"
Japan quake toll up to 18 as rescuers dig through landslides
"Eritrea, Djibouti agree to normalize diplomatic relations"
Iran summit holds key to looming battle in Syria's Idlib
Belgium rocked by high-profile cases of racism
Salah must tread carefully if he's to reform soccer in Egypt
How the Tea Party paved the way for Donald Trump
"To Trump, Kavanaugh's testimony about religious liberty made him worth the pick"
Actor Terry Crews settles his lawsuit against the powerful Hollywood agent who allegedly groped him
"Leaders of Russia, Turkey and Iran meet for high-stakes Syria talks"
Ontario tells teachers to use an outdated sex-ed curriculum - and creates a 'snitch line' for parents to report ones who don't
The shadowy extremist sect accused of plotting to kill intellectuals in India
Book on Trump raises worries in South Korea about alliance
The Latest: Rebel says summit should avoid Idlib crisis
Merkel: Germany backs constructive solution to Gulf crisis
So Ethiopia&#8217;s new prime minister wants real democracy? Here&#8217;s what has to change first.
The Cybersecurity 202: Trump's praise for Kim Jong Un on same day as Sony hacking charges undercuts deterrence strategy
'Get into the arena and fight': Cindy McCain urges support for think tank bearing her late husband's name
Sen. Booker pushed to suss out Kavanaugh's views on affirmative action. Did he succeed in making them any clearer?
Mali&#8217;s elections saw some jihadist violence. Here's what these patterns suggest.
The real resisters: Federal employees who beat Trump in court
AP Explains: What to expect at N.Korea 70th anniversary gala
"The Latest: Iran, Russia, Turkey presidents begin summit"
"Presidents of Iran, Russia and Turkey begin summit on Syria as bloody Idlib offensive looms"
Yemen peace talks uncertain as rebels fail to attend
The Energy 202: Kavanaugh says he sometimes sides with environmentalists. They disagree.
"Trump ratchets up anti-media rhetoric, jokingly praising congressman for assaulting a reporter"
'I don't talk the way I am quoted': Trump offers fresh criticism of Woodward book
The Finance 202: Trump team nears massive escalation in China trade fight
The Health 202: Opioid deal in Senate is rare bipartisan win
This preemie was born at less than a pound. He just &#8216;graduated&#8217; from intensive care in a cap and gown.
"'When the humidity rises, your skin burns': Gas leak causes evacuations in Crimea as Russia and Ukraine trade blame"
"Mortars hit Iraq's Baghdad, protests in south turn violent"
Zimbabwe's president and former leader Mugabe reconcile
The Latest: Turkey's Erdogan calls for cease-fire in Idlib
Zina Bash moved her hand - and the #Resistance saw a white power symbol. Then she did it again.
The Daily 202: Kavanaugh won't even go as far as Gorsuch in defending judges from Trump's personal attacks
'Unusual behavior': McConnell says Booker could face Ethics Committee scrutiny
Rudy Giuliani makes yet another complete mess
Trump has had a really bad week. Except in the eyes of Senate Republicans.
Trump cuts to the chase and rolls a 'Fox and Friends' interview into a campaign rally
Mali&#8217;s elections saw some Islamist militant violence. Here's what these patterns suggest.
Mattis makes surprise visit to Kabul for talks with Afghan leaders on Taliban peace process
Women protest abuses in Cameroon Anglophone separatist fight
The Latest: Turkey says has no capacity for more refugees
"Iran, Russia, Turkey presidents meet in a high stakes summit"
"Russian President Putin says it is ""unacceptable"" to use civilians as a pretext to shield ""terrorists"" in Idlib."
Far right protests in Germany expose cracks in government
Kavanaugh hearing: John Dean to warn of a 'pro-presidential powers' Supreme Court
Putin rejects calls for truce in Idlib as Syria readies assault on rebel stronghold
North Korea and U.S. return to negotiating table over Korean War remains
Putin bet on parks and trains to win over Moscow's middle class. His bet is paying off.
Turkey: Ex-Kurdish party leader sentenced on terror charge
Blast kills army officer inspecting car in Egypt's Sinai
"Boris Johnson and wife announce separation, divorce"
Trump has had a really bad week - except in the eyes of Senate Republicans.
UK vows to hit back against Russia's shadowy GRU - but how?
Belgium shocked by weather woman's experience with racism
Myanmar rejects int'l court's right to Rohingya probe
"Iran, Russia, Turkey presidents meet in high-stakes summit"
The Latest: UN Syria envoy offers plan to avert Idlib crisis
US military announces plan to add troops in Germany
"Trump says Justice Department should investigate who wrote anonymous New York Times op-ed, citing national security, AP reports"
"Former president Barack Obama, saying President Trump is capitalizing on 'fear and anger,' calls on Americans to vote in November"
Trump has had a really bad week - except in the eyes of Senate Republicans
"Trump crosses a new threshold for anti-media rhetoric, jokingly praising a congressman for assaulting a reporter"
"Former Cowboys RB Joseph Randle arrested again, this time for suspicion of rape"
Florence is predicted to restrengthen and is a hurricane threat to the East Coast
The Latest: US ambassador to UN warns against Idlib assault
"US ambassador warns that ""consequences will be dire"" for any assault on Syria's last rebel stronghold in Idlib"
Far-right protests in Germany expose cracks in government
Renzo Piano offers new bridge design for his beloved Genoa
Dozens of Trump officials say they didn't do it. So did Deep Throat - for 30 years.
Trump: Justice Department should investigate anonymous op-ed author
How the economy has fared since Trump's tax cuts were passed
"Sleater-Kinney, &#8216;Anonymous&#8217;: The Week In One Song"
"In Kavanaugh's non-answer on same-sex marriage, many heard a troubling response"
"N.J. couple accused of squandering $400,000 raised for homeless veteran whose story went viral"
"A police officer walked into a man's home - mistaking it for her own - and killed him, police say"
"Homeless vet gets happy(ish) ending after N.J. couple accused of squandering $400,000 raised for him"
"Former Cowboys RB Joseph Randle arrested again, this time on suspicion of rape"
Investigators found 168 skulls in a mass grave in Mexico. They're part of a national nightmare.
High-stakes diplomacy as battle for Syria's Idlib looms
"The Latest: Iran, Russia, Turkey presidents meet in summit"
Iraqi protesters set fire to Iran consulate in southern city
Macron and Merkel begin talks on array of European issues
"Trump's off-the-cuff comments on Robert Mueller, annotated"
House passes bill that could make deportations of immigrant criminals easier
Government says subcontractors sold defective body armor
"Homeless vet gets happy(ish) ending: He will get balance of $400,000 raised by N.J. couple accused of squandering his fund"
The torture claims of a pop-star politician roil Uganda
Report: Iran's Guard kills 6 Kurdish militants near border
SKorea seeks 'irrevocable progress' on nukes by year's end
"Under pressure from base, Trump falsely inflates administration's progress on his border wall"
"'I don't talk the way I am quoted': Trump offers fresh criticism of Woodward book, calls him an 'idiot'"
Kavanaugh hearing: John Dean warns of a Supreme Court overly deferential to presidential power
Trump has visited a Trump property or held a rally on more than half of the days in the past three months
Ontario reverts to an outdated sex-ed curriculum as the government shifts to the right
"Greece: 4,000 police on duty for anti-austerity protests"
4000 children evacuated from Crimea town after chemical leak
The Latest: UN envoy says Syria talks will likely carry on
Stabbing of candidate shakes Brazil's presidential race
Court rejects Israeli rights group's Gaza travel request
Former Trump adviser George Papadopoulos sentenced to 14 days after lying to FBI about Russia-related contacts
'It sure isn't normal; it's radical': Former president Barack Obama says Trump and Republicans are knowingly dividing America
The Latest: Syria says it's committed to 'liberate' Idlib
A look at top candidates in Brazil's presidential race
Mexico rights agency: 696 found in mass graves since 2017
"So, what happened in the Delaware Democratic primary?"
Charter school backers sought to change Florida's constitution. The state's high court just knocked their effort off the ballot.
"Ryan, McConnell try to coax Trump away from shutdown - using props and flattery"
Roger Stone associate Randy Credico meets with Mueller grand jury in Russia probe
An angry Chick-fil-A customer sucker-punched an employee. It did not end well.
"Before the Trump op-ed, another mysterious anonymous author lit up Washington"
Syrian rebels in Idlib target those who might surrender as government assault looms
"In liberal Sweden, a party with neo-Nazi origins could become one of the country's biggest after Sunday's elections"
Belgium shocked by TV weather woman's encounter with racism
Prague station's conversion to Holocaust memorial underway
Letter confirms Vatican received McCarrick complaint in 2000
Graphic: Who could have written the 'resistance' op-ed?
Leahy says Kavanaugh was 'not truthful' about Democratic documents
U.S. forces conduct live-fire exercise in southern Syria in a warning to Russia
"Nearly 90 elephants killed for tusks near Botswana wildlife sanctuary, group says. Government disputes claim."
"Chanting 'Iran, out!' Iraqi protesters torch Iranian Consulate in Basra"
The polls are coming: Four tips for sorting through the wave of pre-election polls this fall
"Transcript: Stormy Daniels speaks about feeling threatened, the Cohen news and how 2018 has changed her life"
'I may never have a normal life again:' Stormy Daniels speaks out in television interview
Trump says Justice Department should investigate anonymous op-ed author
Iraqi protesters torch Iranian Consulate in Basra
Putin bet on parks and trains to win over Moscow's middle class. It is paying off.&nbsp;
Investigators found 168 skulls in mass grave in Mexico
"Nearly 90 elephants killed for tusks in Botswana, group says. Government disputes claim."
North and South Korea ask UN to circulate peace declaration
Mexico site of new mass graves had been searched in 2017
