A trip to meet her online boyfriend in Shanghai ended in drug charges. And now a death sentence.
N. Korea keeps hopes of talks alive after Trump cancellation
UN adopts measure linking conflict to hunger and starvation
"Trump's cancellation of summit with Kim raises fears of renewed tensions, destabilization"
"If Trump's team was colluding with Russia, why did it keep asking WikiLeaks for things?"
"A tropical storm is brewing, just in time to ruin Memorial Day weekend near the Gulf Coast"
Cyclone Mekunu to be 'extremely severe' on landfall in Oman
Indonesia passes new terror law after attacks using children
Trump's canceled North Korea summit sums up his chaotic foreign policy
Israel calls on EU to end funding to pro-boycott groups
Car bombing near hotel in Libyan city of Benghazi kills 7
Explosion in Canadian restaurant wounds 15 people
Voting begins throughout Ireland in major abortion decision
Trump balks at North Korea's rhetoric but it has used worse
President Trump's fog of 'scandals' and outrages about the Mueller investigation
AP Explains: What to look for in Irish abortion referendum
Italy PM-designate focuses on savings lost in bank failures
China sets trial for dissident who chronicled rights abuses
"Inflamed by social media, mobs kill at least 3 in India"
Canceled Trump-Kim summit tests Moon's middleman role
Officials: Deadly Nipah virus has not spread in south India
"Netherlands, Australia hold Russia liable for downing MH17"
"Memorial recalls the dead, but few at NATO know their names"
The Latest: US commander: Doors open to future US-NK summit
Spanish PM Mariano Rajoy faced with no confidence vote
The Latest: Oman's Salalah to get the brunt of cyclone
German data suggest eurozone economy still on upward path
E.U. countries want to save the Iran nuclear deal. Don't expect cooperation on U.S. sanctions.
"After period of reckoning, Ted Cruz recasts himself: From opposition force to Trump ally"
'We're closed!': Trump directs his anger over immigration at Homeland Security secretary
Two of Canada's biggest provinces are feuding over an oil pipeline. Trudeau is caught in the middle.
"After summit pullout, South Korea and China have little appetite for Trump's 'maximum pressure'"
The Latest: Some Europeans confused by scope of new data law
The Latest: Russia blames Ukraine for downing of MH17
Pakistan's Senate approves bill to give tribes equal rights
Making sense of the canceled North Korea summit
Unseen face of the opioid epidemic: drug abuse among the elderly grows
How dangerous is it when Trump calls some immigrants 'animals'?
"Within 3 months, Trump's dealings with North Korea and Iran have antagonized: Russia, China, Germany, France, Japan, Britain, Austria, Italy, Belgium, the Netherlands, Denmark, Sweden, Spain, Slovakia, Portugal, Finland, Ireland, South Korea [...]"
The Latest: S. Korea PM sad that Trump-Kim summit canceled
Turkey: Rapper arrested accused of encouraging drug use
The Latest: Russia wants its position heard over MH17
French defense ministry suspects 2 secret agents of treason
The Health 202: Why suing over new family planning restrictions could be hard
"The Finance 202: Wilbur Ross, after rocky year, has a tough sell in China next week"
The Cybersecurity 202: Why a privacy law like GDPR would be a tough sell in the U.S.
Announcing the 5th annual TMC African Politics Summer Reading Spectacular
'We're closed!': Trump vents his anger over immigration at Homeland Security secretary
Iran asks Europe what it can offer to keep it in the nuclear deal after U.S. pullout
Italy's premier-designate Conte leaps into social media
Report: Suspected Israeli strike targets Hezbollah in Syria
"Rebel, military fighting in Congo's northeast kills 19"
"German prosecutors indict Syrian who fought for IS, others"
Iraq to probe possible irregularities in May 12 elections
Explosion in Indian restaurant in Canada wounds 15 people
The Energy 202: A bunch of House Republicans say they're serious about climate change. Do they mean it?
"The Daily 202: Trump's go-it-alone approach to foreign policy angers allies, benefits adversaries"
"Trump sounds note of optimism on North Korea, claims Democrats 'rooting against' him"
"Today, a new E.U. law transforms privacy rights for everyone. Without Edward Snowden, it might never have happened."
Europe is rejecting thousands of Afghan asylum seekers a year. But what awaits them back home?
"Despite sanctions, some Americans still want to do business in Russia"
"As Europe's data law takes effect, watchdogs go after tech companies"
Spanish PM Mariano Rajoy on the ropes over party graft case
"London police seize bitcoin worth $667,000 from hacker"
The Latest: Activists welcome Irish returning home to vote
Iraq to probe voting irregularities in May 12 elections
Explosion at Indian restaurant in Canada wounds 15 people
French government takes on railway company debt amid strikes
"Trump sounds optimistic tone about future North Korea talks, suggests June 12 summit could happen after all"
"Trump's win: We're debating a 'spy,' not an 'informant'"
"DNC chairman Perez endorses Cuomo, and roils liberal activists"
Here's how Europe's GDPR may take down Facebook
Correction: Vatican-Priest Shortage story
Australian nun who irked Philippine leader fights expulsion
Referendum in Ireland could lift strict ban on abortion
Russia's ex-US envoy: Trump wants better ties with Russia
'A confidential informant is not a spy': Lindsey Graham undercuts his ally Trump
DNC chairman Perez endorses Cuomo and roils liberal activists
Here's how Europe's data privacy law may take down Facebook
The canceled Korea summit summed up in one emoji: Confused face
Has Trump actually spoken directly to Kim Jong Un? South Korea says he should.
Brazil schools close as truckers' strike enters fifth day
Cuba plane crash toll rises to 112 with death of survivor
The Latest: Putin denies Russia responsible for MH17 downing
Invitations offer wealthy Chinese access to President Trump at fundraiser
"Meet Richard Painter, the anti-Trump former Republican running for Senate as a Democrat"
Nancy Pelosi's refusal to condemn NFL decision shows why Democrats struggle with black millennials
Here's how Europe's data privacy law could take down Facebook
Europe's new privacy law made some websites go dark today. Here's what else has changed.
Guatemala minister: Sheldon Adelson flew officials to Israel
Bulgarian customs seize 191kg of heroin bound for Belgium
Hezbollah calls on Lebanon to reject US sanctions
Putin says US exit from Iran deal could trigger instability
Iran seeks assurances on nuclear deal after US pullout
"Johnny Thunders, 'You Can't Put Your Arms Around a Memory': The Week In One Song"
"Meet Richard Painter, the anti-Trump former Republican who is running for Senate as a Democrat"
"2 French secret agents suspected of treason, handed charges"
Colombia re-arrests Pablo Escobar's hitman for extortion
Brazilian truckers' strike over fuel costs enters fifth day
Libya: Car bombing near hotel in Benghazi kills 7
UN says issues 'narrowed' over Greece-Macedonia name dispute
Treatment and rhetoric about undocumented children put the Trump administration in a new category on hard-line immigration policy
It seems like maybe the White House doesn't really want to talk to the press
"She was about to have a baby. From her hospital bed, she officiated the wedding of a couple also in labor."
Trudeau will apologize for Canada's rejection of Jewish refugees in 1939. Is he saying 'sorry' too often?
"Colombia's presidential election spawns fear, division"
Newcomer struggles to give Italy 1st populist government
Ireland referendum could lift strict ban on abortion
"Cyclone Mekunu nears Oman's coast, kills 12-year-old girl"
Russian billionaire Viktor Vekselberg met with Trump lawyer Michael Cohen days before the inauguration
It seems as if maybe the White House doesn't really want to talk to the press
Did the FBI 'spy' on Trump's campaign?
"Did the news media, led by Walter Cronkite, lose the war in Vietnam?"
Suspect in custody after shooting at Indiana middle school
"Inside a truck in Nebraska, troopers found enough fentanyl to kill millions of people"
A wolflike creature was stalking livestock in Montana. Authorities have no idea what it is.
Summit collapse foils chance to press North Korea on suspicious sites
Putin: We're held hostage to political strife around Trump
Rights advocates: Venezuela releases 16 political prisoners
The Latest: Oman's police: Cyclone kills 12-year-old girl
Trump takes aim at federal bureaucracy with new executive orders altering civil service protections
Human rights body calls on Nicaragua to protect students
Peru seeks extradition of ex-president in Odebrecht case
Brazil president says striking truckers could be removed
Adult-film star Jessica Drake says Stormy Daniels told her about being threatened
Trump sounds optimistic tone about future North Korea talks day after cancelling summit
Hillary Clinton's other dream job? To run Facebook.
"DHS to issue 15,000 more guest worker visas amid clamor over labor shortage"
Ireland abortion referendum polls close
"UPDATE 1-Canada police seek suspects in restaurant bombing, 15 injured"
Senate foreign relations chairman meets Maduro in Venezuela
Argentines stage protest against decision to seek IMF help
The exit polls say that Ireland has voted to legalize abortion with a smashing majority
"As Stormy Daniels pursues civil case against Trump, another adult-film star backs her story"
Exit polls suggest Ireland has voted to repeal its abortion ban
"Could the U.S. fight dual wars in North Korea and Iran? After diplomacy breaks down, questions loom."
2 major exit polls project that Irish voters have decided to repeal strict ban on abortions
Guatemalan family demands justice in Border Patrol shooting
Rights advocates: Venezuela releases 20 political prisoners
"Like Trump, Italian populist parties leverage social media"
The Latest: Exit poll: Irish voting to repeal abortion ban
"As Republicans worry about McCain's health, political concerns diminish"
The exit polls say Ireland has voted to legalize abortion with a smashing majority
Trump sounds optimistic tone about future North Korea talks day after canceling summit
Trump takes aim at federal bureaucracy with new executive orders rolling back civil service protections
Trump takes aim at federal bureaucracy with new executive orders rolling back civil-service protections
"After a mass shooting, Parkland activists sought momentum. In Texas, the response is different."
"DHS to issue 15,000 more guest worker visas as businesses claim labor shortage"
Police: 3 women hospitalized after driver crashes into them in downtown Portland
Exit polls suggest Irish voters have repealed abortion ban
Canadian police seek 2 after bomb wounds 15 at restaurant
The Latest: Exit polls project Irish repealing abortion ban
