'That's going to be special': Tensions rise as Trump invites Putin to Washington
Trump promised to remake the courts. He's installing conservative judges at a record pace.
Theresa May's Brexit speech may break the Northern Ireland peace process
Putin is making Trump look weak - with lots of help from Trump
Another top Trump official fudges Putin's effort to help Trump
"Obama says 'men have been getting on my nerves lately,' urges women to enter political fray"
Democrats seize on failure of judicial pick to demand all of Supreme Court nominee's documents
Senate moves to install VA nominee following reports of staff targeting by acting secretary
"Russia-friendly Rep. Rohrabacher doubts hacking indictment, plans to consult outside 'experts'"
"White House withdraws judicial nominee Ryan Bounds, after GOP realizes he didn't have votes for confirmation"
White House: Trump opposes Putin's request to interview current and former American officials
"For the cost of Trump's military parade, we could get eight months of Mueller's probe"
Paul Ryan's sprint to retirement turns into a long slog with plenty of pitfalls
People who say they aren't following the Russia investigation are much more likely to approve of Trump
Time unveils its latest cover: Faces of Trump and Putin morphed into one
'I dream about Biden': Trump says he'd have no problem beating the former VP in 2020
"Actually, Trump has almost never blamed Russia exclusively for 2016 interference"
"Sean Spicer, unlike his old boss, doesn't consider Mueller probe a 'witch hunt'"
The majority of Republicans approve of how Trump handled the Putin summit
The Daily 202: Russia imbroglio deepens the disconnect between Trump and his own administration
"After Flint, EPA must strengthen oversight of state drinking water, watchdog says"
"Career EPA officials raised concerns about cost of Pruitt's $120,000 trip to Italy"
Drilling in Arctic National Wildlife Refuge to get fast review
FDA to explore importing drugs to combat sudden price increases
A skeleton with a hole in the head found in 1975 is no longer just a 'Jane Doe' - thanks in part to Internet sleuths
"In conservative Oklahoma, a Republican raises taxes - and many voters like it"
"After Flint debacle, EPA must strengthen oversight of Mich. drinking water programs, watchdog says"
'We don't tip terrorist': Texas restaurant bans customer who left racist note to waiter
EPA career officials raised concerns about price tag for Pruitt's 2017 Italy trip
Endangered Species Act stripped of key provisions in Trump administration proposal
Trump administration to explore drug imports to counter price hikes
Seven things research reveals - and doesn't - about Advanced Placement
"Neanderthals could start fires with their stone tools, new study suggests"
"Trump thanks Novartis, the second drug company to bow to his pressure on price increases"
Careful with that light saber: TSA offers tips on hauling Comic-Con merch
Target's latest sale is aimed at underpaid teachers who buy their own classroom supplies
Outrage erupts over Trump-Putin 'conversation' about letting Russia interrogate ex-U.S. diplomat Michael McFaul
"Chance the Rapper buys Chicagoist website, rapping the news in song"
How many Americans back abortion rights?
"Detroit baby falls through floor into basement, drowns in 'standing water and sewage,' prosecutors say"
'Sister survivors': Larry Nassar victims show solidarity as they receive award at ESPYs
Trump administration to give Kentucky Medicaid work requirement a second chance
Alcohol-related liver deaths have increased sharply
"In India, at least 17 men are accused of repeatedly raping an 11-year-old"
"Austrian state wants to force meat-consuming Jews and Muslims to register, drawing Nazi comparisons"
Egypt's powerful president is facing unusual dissent over rapidly rising prices
"After being called 'aggressive' by Trump, Montenegro insists it's a friend to the U.S."
"Duterte's drug war killed thousands, and Filipinos still loved him. Then he called God 'stupid.'"
WhatsApp launches new controls after widespread app-fueled mob violence in India
Justice Department plans to alert public to foreign operations targeting U.S. democracy
These migrants were separated from their children - and aren't sure they should be reunited
Putin appears to be targeting U.S. officials who worked on Russia sanctions
Spain drops extradition requests for Catalan separatists
Watch Macron's security aide attack a protester. The French government has now come under fire.
"After being called 'aggressive' by Trump, Montenegro insists it's a friend to America"
"As the national security elite gather in Aspen, the subject is, of course, Trump"
U.S. general: 'No further direction' on Syria since Trump-Putin summit
Turkish court rejects appeals to release jailed American pastor
"As Russians describe 'verbal agreements' at summit, U.S. officials scramble for clarity"
Vladimir Putin's approval ratings are dropping. This is why.
Contentious nation-state law declaring Israel the Jewish homeland approved by lawmakers
How MI5 and the FBI foiled plot to assassinate Prime Minister Theresa May
Nicaragua is on the path to becoming the next Venezuela
"Asian markets fall as China, US ready for more tariffs"
N. Korea puts reunion of war separated families in doubt
Boat with 160 African migrants reportedly capsizes off Yemen
Australia continues bid to return IS suspect from Turkey
Nicaragua's president celebrates crackdown on opposition
Judicial chief resigns in latest scandal rocking Peru
"North Korea media criticize South Korea, warn family reunions plan may fail"
Netanyahu and Orban meet in summit of illiberal nationalists
"Vietnam convicts, deports US man who joined rare protest"
Afghan officials investigating 14 civilian deaths after battle that involved U.S. airstrikes
Israeli east Jerusalem plan gets cool Palestinian reception
Official: Taliban attacks kill 8 police in east Afghanistan
North Korean economy suffers steepest decline in two decades
Gunmen kill radio commentator in Philippines
Suspect detained in killing of Olympic figure skating star
S. Korean ex-leader sentenced to 8 more years in prison
Officials: Missing Pakistani peace activist returns home
"South Korea court sentences jailed ex-President Park Geun-hye to additional 8 years for abusing state funds, elections"
Vietnam to deport American citizen who joined rare protest
"Germany's Merkel faces questions over migration, ties to US"
"China's yuan falls against dollar, helping exporters"
"Taliban launches 2 days of attacks in Afghanistan, 14 killed"
Russian envoy: Moscow open to Putin visit to Washington
Russian envoy to US says Russia 'open' to Putin visit to Washington after Trump invite
"Jordan shut out out 60,000 Syrian refugees - and then saw a backlash. This is why."
Roadside bomb targeting security convoy wounds 6 in Pakistan
Parliament debates no-confidence motion against Modi's gov't
"Macron's security aide detained, was filmed beating activist"
Human Rights Watch urges Brazil to regulate pesticides more
Pakistan identifies man it says killed 149 at election rally
The top 10 Senate races give Democrats a (narrow) opening to win the Senate
Why the prospects for democracy are so much better in Tunisia than Egypt or Libya
Will slut-shaming fly in the #MeToo era? Rep. Jason Lewis provides a test case.
Woman who clashed with TSA likely to appeal case that shields screeners
Vietnam to deport American citizen who joined protest
A U.N. envoy pushes for peace in Gaza - as U.S. stays on the sidelines
"Greece: Search continues for Turkish woman, 3 sons on border"
The Latest: Merkel: US and Russian meetings should be normal
Germany moves to formally close Puigdemont extradition case
Chinese president meets top leaders in 1st visit to UAE
Poland's president moves toward constitution changes vote
Honduran bishop accused of sexual misconduct resigns
"Trump's very bad, very weak week"
Trump calls Obama 'a total patsy' for Russia as he touts his efforts to build a relationship with Putin
Congress has three tools to counter Trump on Russia
How closely will Republicans follow Trump on Russia and Putin?
House provides no 2019 pay raise for feds; conflicts with Senate
Russian firm indicted in special counsel probe cites Kavanaugh decision to argue that charges should be dismissed
Her father's dementia kept him from playing the piano. Reddit users filled in the missing notes.
Vietnam to deport U.S. citizen who joined protest
Claim that '200 tons of gold' may have been found on sunken ship triggers question: Who would own it?
Cameroon: 20-plus candidates seek presidency in October vote
Turkey arrests wife of Islamic State commander Shishani
"Russia says Putin, Trump discussed referendum in Ukraine"
The Latest: Merkel responds to Trump jab on Montenegro
Pope removes Honduran bishop accused of sexual misdeeds
Trump suggests he's 'ready' to impose tariffs on every Chinese import
The Finance 202: Trump's Fed comments could backfire
The Cybersecurity 202: Justice Department and congressional Republicans move in different directions on election security
The top 10 Senate races give Democrats a narrow opening to win the Senate
The Health 202: Veterans' health funding is first sticking point in potential government shutdown fight
New York's tax agency opens own probe of Trump Foundation
"Afghan Vice President Dostum set to return after more than a year in exile, supporters say"
Merkel insists US ties key to Germany despite Trump tensions
10-year-old Somali girl dies after female genital mutilation
Russia summons Greek ambassador over Macedonia dispute
Germany formally closes Puigdemont extradition case
Sexual harassment panel being set up at embattled UNAIDS
"Trump doubles down on criticism of Federal Reserve, alleges currency manipulation by China and E.U."
"There's been a historic shift in Ethiopia-Eritrea relations, and this new book explores the countries' rebellions"
How much will Republicans follow Trump on Russia and Putin?
The Fix's top 10 Senate races show Democrats with a (narrow) opening to win the Senate
The Energy 202: Next on Trump's deregulatory agenda: the Endangered Species Act
Russian firm indicted in special counsel probe cites Kavanaugh decision to argue that charge should be dismissed
"In Britain, counting the queen's swans is a storied ritual - and more than a little bit messy"
Britain's queen is counting her swans in a ritual with much poop and circumstance
Trump administration stays on the sidelines as U.N. envoy pushes for peace in Gaza
"Putin, Trump talked about a referendum for eastern Ukraine"
German police: Several injured in attack; suspect arrested
Singapore: Hack of 1.5M patients' records targeted PM Lee
Rebels start boarding buses to depart southwest Syria
Merkel: German govt is solid despite fight over migration
Former GOP House Intel Chair: 'Advantage Putin'
Trump's new line: No patsy. No patsy. Obama's the patsy.
The Daily 202: Inside the House GOP super PAC's strategy to localize every key race
North Korean economy suffers its steepest decline in two decades
Thousands of Canadian mothers were forced to give up their babies. Some were told to 'get a puppy' instead.
"Stocks wobble, dollar slips as traders shrug off trade talk"
German police: 8 injured in bus attack; suspect arrested
EU nations help Sweden as wildfires rage above Arctic Circle
UK space officials seek nifty name for Mars rover
'Houses are being torn to shreds': Tornadoes rip through Iowa
"North Korea media criticize South Korea, warn that family reunions plan may fail"
Russian Foreign Ministry launches 'Free Maria Butina' campaign after alleged Russian agent is jailed
"Egypt, Sudan seek to bolster ties after yearslong tension"
Putin vows to hear 'all opinions' in pension controversy
Putin says Russia could bid to host another Olympics
Trump says golf is his 'primary form of exercise.' We talked to an expert about how effective that is.
The 'deep state' strikes back - gently
"The violent storm behind the duck boat tragedy was well-predicted, not 'out of nowhere'"
Sales of Essure birth control implant halted by Bayer; U.S. was last to sell controversial device
Russian space agency confirms security agency search
Poland's parliament OKs tighter grip on judicial branch
"German police: 9 injured in bus attack, suspect arrested"
Suspect confesses in killing of Olympic figure skater
"Macron's security aide, filmed beating activist, detained"
The many ways Trump's second meeting with Putin makes absolutely no sense
"In secret recording seized by FBI, Trump and Cohen discuss making payments for story of model who alleged affair with Trump"
Ohio State has more than 100 firsthand accounts of sexual misconduct by former athletic doctor
2 troubling questions for Trump in light of the new Michael Cohen tape revelation
Republicans will hold 2020 convention in Charlotte
"The Velvet Underground &#038; Nico, 'Femme Fatale': The Week In One Song"
"Salmonella-tainted turkey has sickened 90 across 26 states, CDC says"
"Salmonella-tainted raw turkey has sickened 90 across 26 states, CDC says"
Roseanne Barr launched her new YouTube career by yelling an explanation for her Valerie Jarrett tweet
Iraqis resume protests over dire living conditions
Iraqi protests over dire living conditions resume in Baghdad and the south
Theresa May and E.U.'s Brexit negotiator question whether each other's position is workable
The Latest: Migrants stranded off Tunisia in 'bad' condition
"Stocks waver, dollar slips as traders shrug off trade talk"
Security Council tells Pompeo it wants concrete NKorea deeds
Nerve agent victim released from UK hospital after poisoning
Seaweed piles up on beaches along Mexico's Caribbean coast
Trump discussing a hush agreement related to a Playboy model raises a new set of legal questions
Former GOP House intelligence chair: 'Advantage Putin'
Sen. Tim Scott is emerging as the GOP's conscience on race issues. But will other Republicans follow him?
Remains of 8 victims identified in Canada serial killer case
US: Security Council united on denuclearizing North Korea
Melting of glacier causes flash floods in Pakistan's north
India's Parliament rejects no confidence against motion
"Leaked calls reveal systemic corruption in Peru's judiciary, sparking flurry of resignations"
"Israeli military says Palestinian fire kills soldier near Gaza border, first Israeli killed there in months of violence"
Crisis for Macron as security aide is detained for beating
Rajoy says farewell as Spain's conservatives seek new leader
Iraqis take to the streets again to demand better services
Sales of Essure birth control implant to be halted by Bayer; U.S. last to sell controversial device
"N. Korean media criticizes S. Korea, warns that family reunions may be scrapped"
Most girls in Somalia experience genital mutilation. The ritual just killed a 10-year-old.
Doctors Without Borders closing 2 hospitals in Haiti capital
Honduran baby who appeared in US court is back in dad's arms
The Latest: Baby reunites with family in Honduras
Baby whose US court appearance drew outrage over Trump's border separations is reunited with parents in Honduras
Ecuador's ex-president seeks protection from arrest order
Israeli military strikes Gaza targets after soldier shot dead near the border fence
Stocks end slightly lower as traders shrug off trade talk
U.S. sales of Essure birth-control implant to end
Israel strikes Gaza targets after soldier shot dead near the border fence
Puerto Rico probes forensic institute as bodies pile up
Revelations of US cardinal sex abuse will force pope's hand
"Peruvian villagers demand justice, set court files on fire"
"In secret recording seized by FBI, Trump and Cohen discuss buying rights to model's account of alleged affair"
"Mueller seeking to question 'Manhattan madam,' a friend of Roger Stone, in Russia probe, she says"
Why do people believe the moon landing was a hoax or other conspiracy theories?
Hire of departing Trump official by U-Va. draws ire of professors and students
"He was fired after an encounter with a 'racist' customer. After sharing his story, Home Depot changed its mind."
"Tears, then giggles: Honduran baby is back in parents' arms"
US presses China and Russia to enforce sanctions on NKorea
The Latest: Baby didn't known parents at first at reunion
Colombian rebels-turned-politicians sworn into Congress
