The Latest: Mexico to deport migrants who rushed US border
Hard-line Hindus pressure Modi over temple at disputed site
"The Latest: Security Council to meet over Russia, Ukraine"
145 pilot whales die in stranding on New Zealand beach
Magician whose sleight of hand defied logic or physics dies at 72
"Black Sea standoff intensifies Russia, Ukraine tensions"
AP Exclusive: First gene-edited babies claimed in China
Chinese scientist claims he helped make world's first genetically edited babies: twin girls whose DNA he said he altered
Pelosi's supporters are confident she will have votes to become House speaker
Formerly conjoined twins leave Australian hospital separated
Turkish search for Khashoggi's body said to focus on isolated farm
"Afghan official: Taliban ambush police convoy, killing 20"
Afghan official says a Taliban ambush of a police convoy in western Farah province killed at least 20 policemen
Mexico to up security at border after migrants try to cross
Latin America in flux as G20 leaders descend on the region
Analysis: Strong opposition showing challenges Taiwan's Tsai
Number of injured in 6.3 magnitude Iran quake rises to 634
Death at the edge of the world
Extremists kill Islamic leader and 10 followers in Somalia
"Islamic leader and 10 followers killed by al-Shabab extremists in Somalia's northern city of Galkayo, say police"
Egypt creates new human rights watchdog - to protect itself
Extremists kill Islamic leader and 17 followers in Somalia
Ukraine mulls martial law after Russia fires on vessels
"Asian stocks rise on hopes US, China will unwind dispute"
What Trump has not done for African Americans and Hispanics
"British academic Matthew Hedges pardoned by UAE of espionage charges, released from prison"
Turkish military plane crashes in residential area in Istanbul; no word on casualties
The Latest: UAE pardons British academic convicted of spying
United Arab Emirates pardons British academic researcher sentenced to life for spying
Emirati officials claim convicted British academic is MI-6
India marks 10 years since Mumbai attacks; US offers reward
Emirati officials show video of British national convicted for spying saying he is a captain in MI-6
British academic pardoned after UAE conviction for spying and life sentence
UAE pardons British academic convicted of spying
India cautious as it looks to recover American body
The Latest: UK's top diplomat welcomes Hedges' pardon by UAE
Military helicopter crashes in Istanbul; 4 soldiers killed
The Latest: German official calls for calm over Ukraine
"Power Up: Trump's full plate: Borders, climate change and the Mississippi Senate race"
Secret groups of Democratic women are organizing deep in Republican territory
Turkish police raid villa outside Istanbul in search for Khashoggi's body
U.N. rights investigators comb new conflict zone: Internet hate speech
Libyan coast guard rescues 113 Europe-bound migrants
Germany: 5 young men convicted over rape of several girls
How Southern politicians defended white supremacy - and made the South poorer
UAE pardons British academic after giving him life sentence for espionage
"UAE pardons, releases British academic convicted of spying"
The Latest: Britain 'perplexed' but pleased over UAE pardon
Russia warns US against deploying new missiles to Europe
"EU, Iran commit to uphold nuclear pact despite Trump"
The Cybersecurity 202: British parliament turns up heat on Facebook over privacy practices
Is it possible to combat appeals to prejudice? Here's new evidence from Duncan Hunter's 'anti-Muslim' campaign ad.
"The deadliest, most destructive wildfire in California's history has finally been contained"
"The same day tensions with Russia mount, Trump lashes out at Putin's rivals over money"
The Latest: US-backed forces battle IS in Syria
UK parliament seizes confidential Facebook documents
"The Health 202: Obamacare enrollment is lagging, despite cheaper options"
The Finance 202: Trump says he wants to cut the deficit. His track record says otherwise.
This school cafeteria manager has gone bananas. The kids love it
"Dangerously overcrowded party boat sinks, killing at least 30 passengers"
The Latest: France urges Russia to hand back Ukrainian ships
2 attacks in Somalia; Islamic cleric who played music killed
Britain's Prince Harry is in Zambia for 2-day visit
5 Egyptians accused of smuggling migrants direct to Sicily
Pakistani doctors say man on death row is mentally ill
Germany marks 20th anniversary of Nazi looted art agreement
The Daily 202: Trump's rescue mission to Mississippi may drag Cindy Hyde-Smith across the finish line
The Energy 202: Trump administration's release of a climate report on Black Friday didn't bury the news
"Obamacare enrollment is lagging, despite cheaper options"
"In Afghanistan, an anti-Taliban militia hero or a rogue criminal?"
Turkish police search villas in Khashoggi investigation
AP Explains: Russia's conflict with Ukraine
Ukraine demands Russia release vessels as tensions build
6 bodies found in remote farmhouse in Japan
The Latest: Syria's Assad reshuffles Cabinet
Centrist Democrats vow again to oppose Pelosi unless rules demands are met
Trump questions why Mueller hasn't interviewed more of his campaign workers
"A victim's father, the killer's grandfather and their mission to protect youths from violence"
Police change explanation after killing black man they mistook for an active shooter
This school cafeteria manager has gone bananas. The kids love it.
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko reduces proposal for martial law to 30 days from 60
Technology and retail companies lead US indexes higher
Watchdog mulls sending team to Syria after gas attack
More than 200 Chinese arrested in Cambodia for online scams
The lesson of 2018 for Democrats is not that they need a more moderate message for rural voters
Ukraine to impose martial law as standoff with Russia in Black Sea intensifies
Ukraine to impose martial law on Wednesday as standoff with Russia in Black Sea intensifies
FIFA panel urges tough line on Iran's ban of female fans
Charities call for US to halt support for Saudis in Yemen
Israel: Palestinian killed after ramming car into soldiers
The Latest: Court awards $1.3 billion to Ukrainian bank
Conservative author and Roger Stone associate Jerome Corsi says he is rejecting plea deal from special counsel
Democratic rebel seeks negotiations with Pelosi on races for leadership
Trump nominee sunk by 'Fat Leonard' corruption scandal
"Why tear gas, lobbed at migrants on the southern border, is banned in warfare"
"Dangerously overcrowded party boat sinks, killing at least 33 passengers"
AP Explains: Russia-Ukraine dispute raises new tensions
The Latest: NATO warns Russia of 'consequences' over Crimea
The Latest: US officials say 69 migrants arrested in clash
"Switzerland: 6 killed in house fire, cause unclear"
Mia Love gives Trump no love as she concedes a narrow loss in Utah
"Trumbull County, Ohio, shifted 30 points to vote Trump. That didn't save its car plant."
"For nearly 50 years, Harvard was haunted by an unsolved murder. DNA now points to a serial rapist."
Is there a link between Putin's approval rating and aggressive foreign policy?
U.N. human rights investigators comb new conflict zone: Internet hate speech
U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley condemns Russia's 'outlaw' actions against Ukrainian ships
Is there a link between Putin's approval rating and aggressive Russian foreign policy?
The U.N. finds the deadliest place for women is their home
The Latest: Ukraine: Russia tensions 'clear threat' to peace
Greece: Retrial ordered over Texas tourist killing
"'You could actually put it on your nachos and eat it,' Fox guest says of gas used at the Mexican border"
Trump attacks 'Fake 60 Minutes' for 'phony story' on family separations at the border
Blizzard cuts power to hundreds of thousands and halts travel in the Midwest
Police change explanation - again - after killing black man they mistook for an active shooter
"Singing 'Amazing Grace,' a church surrounded an ICE van to stop an arrest. 27 were jailed."
The house wouldn't sell. So a Texas Realtor turned to semi-nude models.
"In the United States, right-wing violence is on the rise"
"A victim's father, the killer's grandfather and a shared mission to protect youths from violence"
A Little Free Library honored Michelle Obama. Vandals tagged it 'Trump's'.
Mexican police deploy around caravan migrants after day of chaos at border
New Zealand beach carpeted by dead whales after mass stranding
Gene-edited baby claim by Chinese scientist sparks outrage
Ukrainian parliament has voted to impose martial law for 30 days in wake of Russian seizure of Ukrainian vessels
"After dispute with Russia, Ukraine leader seeks martial law"
Mexicans approve president-elect's proposals in referendum
Mexico to up border security after migrants try to cross
"Saudi crown prince visits Egypt, meets with president"
Where the government's climate report undercuts Trump's rhetoric
Trump attacks looming Mueller report after an ally predicts it will be 'devastating.'
"Educator: In Finland, I realized how 'mean-spirited' the U.S. education system really is"
Former Michigan State president arraigned on charges of lying to police about Nassar sex-abuse scandal
"UAE pardons Matthew Hedges, British academic convicted of spying"
The Latest: Martial law won't affect all Ukraine regions
"Stocks bounce back as tech, retail and banks jump"
"After dispute with Russia, Ukraine imposes martial law"
Rep. Beto O'Rourke won't rule out a 2020 presidential bid
Trump says U.S. agents 'had to use' tear gas against migrants at border
A reader's guide to the jam-packed final weeks of a crazy year in politics
Trump attacks looming Mueller report after an ally predicts it will be 'devastating'
"Distracted driving tends to cause more severe crashes, study finds"
How crisp fall temperatures can turn the atmosphere into a megaphone
Theresa May needs Parliament's support for her Brexit deal. The math isn't in her favor.
Hundreds of U.S. troops on southern border shifted to near site of migrant caravan
"A Saudi agent discussed hiding Khashoggi's remains before his death, prosecutors say"
U.N. finds the deadliest place for women is their home
Scientists warn new Brazil president may smother rainforest
"After dispute with Russia, Ukraine to impose martial law"
"Another Democrat, Rep.-elect Gil Cisneros, joins anti-Pelosi letter"
Someone hung nooses at the Mississippi Capitol on eve of racially charged U.S. Senate runoff
Trump responds to his administration's report indicating a huge cost from climate change: 'I don't believe it'
How a photographer captured the image of a migrant mother and her children fleeing tear gas
Hundreds of U.S. troops on southern border shifted near site of migrant caravan
"Border clash leaves caravan migrants dejected, worried"
Border clashes raise stakes for Trump's hard line immigration approach ahead of wall funding fight
Justices appear skeptical that antitrust lawsuit over Apple's App Store should be blocked
Free speech violation or a simple arrest? Supreme Court faces a familiar problem.
Trump says U.S. should launch state TV network
Amtrak passengers get stuck on Boston-bound train for five hours
