Kavanaugh vows to fight misconduct allegations as Trump and Republicans dig in
Trump an 'absolute no' on Puerto Rico statehood because of San Juan's 'horror show' of a mayor
"The new Kavanaugh allegation is on precarious legal ground, former sex-crimes prosecutors say"
"If Rod Rosenstein leaves, don't expect Congress to step in to protect the Russia probe"
Is Rod Rosenstein 'very compromised'?
Republicans claim they saw a payroll tax cut. Democrats claim they didn't.
A chaotic opening to what could be a fateful week
The Kavanaugh nomination hasn't been the boost to Republicans Trump might have hoped
A Rod Rosenstein resignation would affect the Mueller probe in ways you might not expect
'Left-wing conspiracy': The White House abandons restraint after second Kavanaugh accusation
Senate Judiciary panel's top Democrat calls for delay in Kavanaugh hearing after new allegation
Some conservatives have identified the real victims in the Kavanaugh fight: Men
"Now that Kavanaugh has a second accuser, what do Senate Republicans do?"
Trump calls Roe v. Wade 'a controversy that I'm going to leave to the courts'
Senate campaign in Texas reveals the differing views of Beto O'Rourke and Ted Cruz on race in America
Trump says he'll have second meeting with Kim Jong Un 'quite soon'
Breaking down the new Brett Kavanaugh sexual misconduct allegation
Trump says he has made no decision on whether to fire Rosenstein
Trump says he stands by his Supreme Court nominee 'all the way' following second accusation of sexual misconduct against Kavanaugh
The Daily 202: Can Kavanaugh survive? 10 questions after a second woman accuses him of sexual misconduct.
"Sales are booming at a Manhattan typewriter store, mostly thanks to young people (and Tom Hanks)"
Dallas Police Dept. fires officer who killed Botham Jean in his apartment
Women fare better on most leadership traits
Women don't just face a gender pay gap. They also suffer from a stock options gap.
"South Carolina is enduring some of its worst flooding from Florence, more than a week after it departed"
How one university teaches its students to vote (and it's old-school)
A 6-year-old with autism vanished during a family walk. The FBI is searching for him.
Admiral tapped for promotions despite dinners with 'Fat Leonard'
"Yale Law students sit out class, travel to Supreme Court to protest Kavanaugh"
She gave medicine to pets she rescued from Hurricane Florence. She was arrested for it.
"September's full Harvest Moon peaks Monday night, but the show goes on for days"
Tremors can be a sign of Parkinson's but also of more-benign conditions
"Asteroid explorers take first hops, snap a photograph of their new world"
"Rod Rosenstein to stay in job for now, will meet with Trump on Thursday, White House says"
Storms fester in the Atlantic - including remnants of Hurricane Florence
"The CIA is returning its central focus to nation-state rivals, director says"
Paralyzed people are beginning to walk with a new kind of therapy
"FBI says murder, violent crimes fell slightly last year after previous increases"
"Sales are booming at Manhattan typewriter store, mostly thanks to young people (and Tom Hanks)"
An Illinois priest living legally in the U.S. for 14 years is being deported - over a single vote he shouldn&#8217;t have cast
A good Samaritan helped a stranded driver. Police say another man killed him - and stole his car.
"After Florence, thousands of dead fish wash ashore - onto a highway"
"Even as the U.S. grows more diverse, the medical profession is slow to follow"
"All over Europe, suspected Russian spies are getting busted"
"Storms, fires and flooding: Sailors rescued after 'almost unheard of' waves in Indian Ocean"
How one Indonesian teen survived 49 days at sea
"For the first time ever, a woman anchored the nightly news in Saudi Arabia"
"German report documents more than 3,600 abuse cases within the Catholic Church"
He blew up a chlorine gas bomb beside an Army base - and left a fellow soldier severely wounded
Super Typhoon Trami explodes in strength on its way toward Taiwan
Why some U.S. allies didn't sign up for Trump's pledge to fight drugs
"In a blow to Israel, Russia says it will send Syria powerful antiaircraft missiles"
Catching fish and keeping faith: How one Indonesian teen survived 49 days at sea
China thinks the trade war isn't really about trade
U.S. and China clobber each other with biggest sets of tariffs yet
Trump renews his battle with U.N.
Why Russia is wooing South Africa's white farmers
Maldives opposition declares victory over autocratic ruler in presidential election
Russia revives allegations of Israeli culpability in downed plane in Syria
Japan's Abe finds himself on sidelines amid outreach with North Korea
"For Nikki Haley, a lower profile as Trump heads back to the U.N."
"India launches 'Modicare,' the world's biggest government health program"
The 'bride price' in China keeps rising. Some villages want to put a cap on it.
Trump administration seeks to limit access to U.S. for immigrants who use or are likely to use public assistance
The Latest: US sets $185 million more for Rohingya Muslims
Mandela's widow urges world: put egos aside and end violence
Mexico: Alleged lookout nabbed in murder of Chiapas reporter
Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny sent back to jail
Dior and Gucci theatrically kick off Paris Fashion Week
"Wails, vows of revenge at Iran funeral after parade attack"
Trump arrives at U.N. to promote foreign agenda but domestic turmoil reigns
A man accused of kidnapping and masturbating on a woman got a 'pass.' Now people want the judge out.
Bolton: U.S. forces will stay in Syria until Iran and its proxies depart
Nations hosting millions of refugees say rich countries have left them down
The Latest: UN Security Council condemns Iran parade attack
US: Myanmar military led 'extreme' violence against Rohingya
"Brett Kavanaugh's Fox News interview transcript, annotated"
'I've never sexually assaulted anyone': Brett Kavanaugh offers deeply personal defense in Fox News interview
Nations hosting millions of refugees say rich countries have let them down
