"Russian disinformation teams targeted Robert S. Mueller III, says report prepared for Senate"
Top Republicans struggle to persuade Trump not to shut down the government
Criminal justice bill clears hurdle in the Senate on strong bipartisan vote
"Republicans seek to expand Trump's support for 2020, but will the president cooperate?"
Legalizing marijuana is now one of Cuomo's priorities. He's been resisting it for years.
Anti-government protesters mass for 5th day in Hungary
Michael Flynn's business associates charged with illegally lobbying for Turkey
"After migrant girl's death, Democrats seek to question agents who detained her"
U.N. peacekeepers say Israel-Lebanon border tunnels violate truce
UN condemns North Korea rights violations and nuke spending
US defeated trying to rid references to reproductive health
A Salem witch trials refugee settled on land in Framingham - where a home is now selling for nearly $1 million
Polar vortex could unleash winter wallop by January
"Venezuelan migrants hit Peru's street, dancing to survive"
UN approves compact to support world's refugees; US objects
How the Belgium and Hungary protests sum up Europe's politics
How two angry protests sum up Europe's politics
AP PHOTOS: Editors' picks for 2018 from the Middle East
"In 2019, Mideast economic troubles loom as wars wind down"
Asylum seekers stake claims on patch of US soil at border
German authorities raid mosque in Berlin in terrorism probe
"3 South Korean teens presumed dead, 7 unconscious at motel"
Minorities held in China sew clothes that can end up in US
Spanish court gears for high-stakes trial of separatists
Putin decries prosecution of Jehovah's Witnesses in Russia
U.S.-Taliban talks stretch into unexpected second day as government delegation arrives
UK Cabinet to consider 'no-deal' Brexit preparations
Survey shows German businesses increasingly gloomy
French interior minister to meet police union reps
Negotiating Brexit is just the beginning. This is what the E.U. and U.K. have to agree on next.
"The U.S. had a ""chicken in every pot."" Pakistan aims for a ""chicken on every plot."""
Jose Mourinho fired by Man United after 2^half years
Indonesian defendant suffers setback in Kim murder trial
Morocco arrests suspect after deaths of 2 European tourists
German high court throws out far-right complaint on migrants
Kremlin denies roiling US politics through social media
Power Up: Potential GOP challenges circle Trump heading into 2020
Here&#8217;s what can undermine peacekeeping missions
Different kind of Blue Dog Coalition intent on being a force in House
U.S.-Taliban talks stretch into second day as government delegation arrives
Warrant issued for arrest of 'Schwimmer lookalike' suspect
Pope shakes up Vatican communications operations
Clouds grow over German economy after stocks hit bear market
The Latest: United to hire caretaker; Carrick interim coach
Pope to politicians: Unacceptable to blame migrants for evil
The Cybersecurity 202: Senate Democrats launch new privacy effort to protect consumer data
Is Texas finally turning blue? We looked at the electorate to find out.
Gene-edited farm animals are coming. Will people eat them?
"Michael Flynn, Trump's former national security adviser, scheduled to be sentenced"
'Why has the world abandoned us?' The tough questions faced by Washington Post correspondents in 2018
U.S. alone in its opposition to parts of a U.N. draft resolution addressing violence against girls
German Chancellor Angela Merkel to receive Fulbright prize
Vatican committee: Church credibility at risk over sex abuse
Sri Lankan lawmakers question Rajapaksa's parliamentary seat
Mourinho fired by Man United with his career at crossroads
"Organizers of Vatican summit on sex abuse prevention warn credibility of church in jeopardy, urge listening to victims"
The Finance 202: Trump continues to bash Fed as markets dip
When and how we might see President Trump's tax returns
The Health 202: More people are getting treatment for mental health and substance abuse
A woman partied as her kids sat in a hot car. She'll serve 40 years in prison for their deaths.
Neo-Nazi parents of baby 'Adolf' sentenced to years in prison for being part of a terrorist group
Norway allows cleric to face court in Italy
Saudi king extends allowances as living costs rise
Russian cargo ship runs aground off southwest England
9 migrants trying to reach UK rescued in English Channel
"On Twitter, Trump comes out swinging in many directions"
The Energy 202: Technocrats rise even higher in Trump administration with Zinke's exit
The Technology 202: African American lawmakers blast Silicon Valley companies
"Historic Latino wave reshapes many colleges, but access is uneven"
"Dutch student, 16, shot dead in school's bicycle shed"
"The Latest: 3,500 troops to be on standby if no-deal Brexit"
Cameroon military says it killed 7 suspected separatists
Chinese internment camp factory sends sportswear to US
"Trump's latest cellphone-related conspiracy theory, explained"
Arizona governor taps Martha McSally to fill Senate seat once held by McCain
The Daily 202: Retirement could liberate Lamar Alexander during his final two years in the Senate
Democrats plan to request President Trump's tax returns in 2019. Here's how they'll do it.
Spanish court gears up for high-stakes trial of separatists
EU urges Kosovo to drop tariffs as political tensions mount
Putin: Russia has enough missiles without violating treaty
The Latest: Man convicted over 'anti-migrant' weapons
Media freedom group records increase in journalists killed
US stocks claw back some of their big losses; oil slides
"Haley, previewing Mideast peace plan, says Israel wants peace agreement but does not need it"
Trump agrees to shut down his charity amid allegations that he used it for personal and political benefit
Trump agrees to shut down his charity amid allegations he used it for personal and political benefit
White House signals it will back down on President Trump&#8217;s demand for border wall funding and avert a partial government shutdown
"Trump's campaign manager asks people to call hotline to say, 'Thank you, President Trump!'"
Two Chicago officers killed by 60 mph commuter train while chasing armed suspect on foot
Michael Flynn's former business partner pleads not guilty
Historic Latino student wave reshapes many colleges. But access is uneven.
Right to bear ... nunchucks? Federal judge strikes down ban on weapon as violation of Second Amendment
'We're not intimidated': Tucker Carlson doubles down on claims that immigrants make U.S. 'dirtier'
She swiped her co-worker's Coke can. Police say it cracked a 28-year-old murder case.
New York Times assailed for Alice Walker interview endorsing 'anti-Semitic' conspiracy theorist
Two Chicago cops killed by 60 mph commuter train while chasing armed man on foot
Roger Stone admits he pushed false statements on Infowars
"She lost her school job after refusing to sign a pro-Israel pledge. Now, she's filing a lawsuit."
The U.S. had a 'chicken in every pot.' Pakistan aims for a 'chicken on every plot.'
Russian disinformation campaign targets Syria's beleaguered rescue workers
"Australia is using AI and high-def cameras to identify distracted drivers, media report"
Greek lawmakers to vote on new budget - with more austerity
"Zimbabwe inquiry says army, police responsible for killing 6"
"Zimbabwe presidential inquiry says army, police responsible for killing 6 protesters in post-election violence"
"US hints at Trump Mideast peace plan: lots to like, some not"
"Turkey, Russia, Iran want 'Syria-led' political process"
Trump backers just had their anti-Mueller hopes and dreams dashed
Are the Trump hush-money payments the most significant campaign finance violation ever?
White House fires back at Comey after he criticizes GOP for not standing up to Trump
"At sentencing hearing, judge tells Michael Flynn: 'Arguably, you sold your country out'"
UAE backs Saudi rebuke of US Senate over Khashoggi killing
UK ramps up 'no-deal' Brexit preparations amid impasse
Major powers report progress on new Syria constitution body
French govt offers 300-euro bonus to protest-weary police
"Zimbabwe inquiry finds army, police killed 6 protesters"
Saudi spending to hit record high as oil prices resume slide
Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez highlights how rare self-care is among the working class and people of color
We're giving Russia's trolling team too much credit
Twitter weighs in after a man's death: Give the Christmas presents now or wait?
Michael Flynn's sentencing delayed after judge tells the ex-Trump adviser he may not avoid prison time
"US pledges $5.8B aid for CentAm, $4.8B for southern Mexico"
Macedonia offers partial amnesty for storming of parliament
"The US is pledging $10.6 billion for Central America, southern Mexico to discourage migration"
"Zimbabwe inquiry finds army, police killed 6 during protest"
Ex head of DEA post in Colombia cleared in misconduct probe
Two Chicago officers killed by train while chasing armed suspect on foot
"Historic Latino wave reshapes colleges, but access is uneven"
The fat-burning heart-rate zone is a myth: How exercise and weight loss really work
A dying man bought 14 years worth of Christmas gifts for his 2-year-old neighbor
Justice Department will ban bump-stock devices that turn rifles into fully automatic weapons
"Yemeni mother blocked by travel ban is granted U.S. visa to see her dying son, attorney says"
"Belgian Prime Minister Charles Michel has announced his resignation in address at parliament, says he will notify king"
"Victims, accountability on agenda at pope's sex abuse summit"
The Latest: Greece accused of violently forcing out migrants
The Mueller conspiracy graveyard inters another corpse
Cory Booker on why voters might be willing to send a bachelor to the White House
"Haley, previewing Middle East peace plan, says Israel wants peace agreement but does not need it"
"US pledges $10.6B aid for Central America, southern Mexico"
"Truce brings hope for Yemen, but peace could prove elusive"
Guatemala: Body of girl who died in US custody set to return
Hungary: Opposition vows renewed protests after holiday lull
Guatemala pulls diplomatic credentials of UN body's workers
Italy backs down in its budget standoff with the E.U.
"U.S., Mexico pledge billions to reduce migration from Central America"
The U.S. had a 'chicken in every pot.' Pakistan aims for chickens on every plot.
UN urges 'violence-free environment' for Congo elections
Greek lawmakers approve new budget - with more austerity
The White House lost its narrative on Michael Flynn. So it made up some stuff about James Comey instead.
"Yes, Sarah Sanders, you are asking U.S. taxpayers to pay for the wall"
Feel free to gorge on 2020 polls. Just don't start making any bets.
Stocks waver as plunging oil prices pull energy stocks lower
UN: South Sudan still fragile but there's a chance for peace
Blaze destroys at least 600 houses in Brazil neighborhood.
The Trailer: Putting the 2020 Democrats into tiers
'He was the future of the party': Ryan's farewell triggers debate about his legacy
Republicans want Congress to focus on immigration. Democrats say it's where Trump's fared the worst.
Honduran mother and kids in viral tear gas photo have been allowed into the United States lawmakers say
FDA panel backs prescribing opioid antidote alongside painkillers
Record number of people set to hit the road during the holiday season
U.S. and Mexico pledge to spend billions to reduce migration from Central America
Italy backs down in budget standoff with European Union
Trump will attend 2019 World Economic Forum with 'globalists'
Michael Flynn's sentencing delayed after judge tells the ex-Trump adviser he might not avoid prison time
The Latest: Standoff ends as US processes asylum seekers
The Latest: Has Norwegian PM let slip Solskjaer appointment?
