GOP worry over McCain's Senate seat fading daily
S. Korea relieved about Trump-Kim summit revival efforts
US Sen. Corker meets with Venezuela's President Maduro
2 N. Korean diplomats behind US summit back-and-forth
"Powerful cyclone lashes Oman, Yemen; 1 dead, 40 missing"
Canceled summit raises stakes for China over North Korea
Declassified US cables link Uribe to Colombia drug cartels
China orders crackdown on large outdoor religious statues
Baby panda born in Malaysia zoo makes media appearance
Chinese official: Destroy terrorism 'breeding ground'
Ireland: Exit polls predict win for repealing abortion ban
Baby panda born in Malaysia zoo makes public debut
Video: The 'scandals' and progress of the Russia probe
The Latest: Death toll from cyclone in Oman climbs to 3
Syria's army is on a path to victory after ousting rebels from Damascus
"Congo says confirmed Ebola cases rise to 35, with 10 deaths"
Spain: Police arrest 66-year-old suspected bank robber
Ethiopia releasing British national detained in 2014
Cameroon sentences Anglophone activists on terror charges
"Struggling in parliament, German far right takes to streets"
Ireland: Anti-abortion group calls vote result 'a tragedy'
Burkina Faso resumes ties with China after Taiwan break
"Africa slowly turning to cremations, though long taboo"
The Latest: Anti-abortion group admits defeat in Irish vote
The Latest: Cyclone batters eastern Yemen
The stench of Michael Cohen's consulting business grows
"Publix halts donations to self-described 'NRA sellout' amid boycott, 'die-in' protests by David Hogg"
"Ireland is poised to repeal its abortion ban, according to early tallies of votes"
"North and South Korean leaders meet to 'frankly' discuss how to make Trump-Kim summit a success, Seoul says"
"In Brazil, a truckers' strike brings Latin America's largest economy to a halt"
North Korea's Kim meets with South's Moon for 2nd time
Albania opposition rallies to demand government resignation
The Latest: Oman airport to open Sunday after storm closure
Pakistan's army summons former spy chief over book
"Powerful cyclone lashes Oman, Yemen; 3 dead, 40 missing"
Spanish rescuers help 94 migrants crossing Mediterranean
Analysts call it the 'gender bonus.' House primary voters call it the change they're looking for.
VA turns to foster care for veterans instead of putting them in nursing homes.
"Uber, Lyft and other ride-hailing apps are 'useless' for disabled riders, NYC advocates say"
"Ireland votes to overturn its abortion ban, 'the culmination of a quiet revolution,' prime minister says"
Ireland: Anti-abortion group calls vote result 'tragedy'
The Latest: 'No going back' for women's rights in Ireland
Ebola vaccinations begin in rural Congo on Monday: Ministry
"Scott Pruitt's security detail cost nearly $3.5 million his first year, agency reports"
"In the deepest Arctic, sled dogs, polar bears and famed seed vault face melting snow and ice"
A terrorist attack turned Charlie Hebdo into a revered institution it never sought to be
"Ireland votes to overturn its abortion ban, 'culmination of a quiet revolution,' prime minister says"
"Albania opposition rallies, demands prime minister resign"
The Latest: 1st results from Ireland abortion vote revealed
Bangladesh detains 100 suspects in anti-drug crackdown
North and South Korean leaders hold surprise 2nd summit
Trump's war of attrition against Mueller bears fruit among Republicans
An Indian journalist has been trolled for years. Now U.N. experts say her life could be at risk.
"Prime minister, abortion rights groups claim win in Ireland"
U.S. citizen to be freed two years after he traveled to Venezuela to get married
Hundreds rally on Polish Mother's Day to support disabled
Detained Iranian-British woman to face 'security charges'
Vote points to big win for abortion rights groups in Ireland
Iran detains professor over insulting Sunni Muslims
"Bus service cut, flights canceled during strike in Brazil"
The Latest: North and South Korean leaders meet again
"Refusing to sell homes to gay people is okay, GOP congressman says. Realtors disagree."
The Latest: Repeal of Irish abortion vote passing 2-to-1
Syria says it has named a constitutional committee
"Mantel, Saunders up for best-ever Booker Prize accolade"
The Latest: Irish voters overwhelmingly repeal abortion ban
US warns Syrian government not to advance on south
Irish election official confirms landslide victory for abortion rights advocates as Ireland repeals constitutional ban.
Bystanders killed a gunman who fired into a restaurant. The NRA praised good guys with guns.
Irish antiabortion campaign promises to 'regroup' as ban is overturned
7 bodies found in central Mexico
"Putin and Abe discuss Kuril Islands, WWII peace treaty"
The Latest: Irish PM plans to move quickly on legal abortion
Official tally shows big win for abortion rights in Ireland
Israeli soldier badly wounded in West Bank arrest raid dies
"Venezuela government says Joshua Holt, wife are on flight to US after being freed in goodwill gesture"
"Depraved, drug-snorting puppets defile good name of 'Sesame Street,' lawsuit over trailer claims"
Putin just welcomed the world at his forum. Women need not apply.
Head of Chilean church's anti-abuse panel resigns
"Powerful cyclone strikes Oman, Yemen; 5 dead, 30 missing"
"Bill Mallory, Indiana University's winningest football coach, dies at 82"
He was cleared of a rape charge. He had to show the jury his penis first.
"With US talks in limbo, Korean leaders hold surprise summit"
Real Madrid wins 3rd straight Champions League title with 3-1 victory over Liverpool
7 bodies found in central Mexico near troubled refinery
"The Latest: North, South Korean leaders hold surprise summit"
He was cleared of a rape charge. He had to expose himself in court first.
Fire started by rioting inmates in Iraqi jail kills 7
'Quiet revolution' leads to abortion rights win in Ireland
"Empty stores, shuttered gas posts in Brazil truckers' strike"
"An American Airlines passenger was refused beer - so he screamed, fought and spit blood, FBI says"
How a terror attack turned Charlie Hebdo into a revered institution it never sought to be
Yemeni officials say airstrike in Sanaa kills at least 4
U.S. citizen freed two years after he traveled to Venezuela to get married
Trump falsely accuses the New York Times of making up a source. It was an official who briefed reporters.
"U.S. citizen, freed two years after he traveled to Venezuela to get married, has returned to U.S."
"Alan L. Bean, Apollo 12 astronaut who walked on the moon, dies at 86"
One roadblock to arming teachers: Insurance companies
