"Bannon apologizes, but Trump's fury persists"
"In next round of budget talks, 'dreamers' are set to dominate"
"As the eastern U.S. faces brutal wind chills, triple-digit heat is melting asphalt in southern Australia"
"On Florida's 'Forgotten Coast,' a Supreme Court fight over fresh water"
"Water main break shuts down terminal at JFK airport, causing even more delays after winter storm"
Restaurant fire kills 5 sleeping workers in southern India
Malaysian opposition names 92-year-old Mahathir as PM choice
Cambodia upholds jail term for Australian in surrogacy case
"Venezuelans scour polluted river for lost treasure, survival"
BBC's China editor resigns over gender pay gap dispute
Trump's threats to Pakistan probably won't change much
The Latest: Tanker burning at sea at risk of exploding
A look at North-South Korean sports ties
The Latest: Smoke still billowing from burning oil tanker
Trump's repeated claim: 'We don't have a surplus with anybody'
"Iran FM warns neighbors, says they seeking unrest in Iran"
Syria's death toll in Idlib car bomb rises to at least 25
Suspect in Dortmund bombing says he didn't intend injuries
Zimbabwe investigates former first lady Mugabe's doctorate
India's top court to re-examine gay rights
Can these two North Korean ice skaters help bring about a diplomatic thaw?
Libyan navy rescues 272 migrants from stranded boats
"Pope urges effort to rebuild trust in North Korea, Syria"
Shots fired at German-Turkish soccer player's car
Greece: Asylum for Turkish officer temporarily suspended
Defendant in Istanbul bombing trial asks to be set free
AP Explains: What to expect from North-South Korean talks
Russia has been meddling in foreign elections for decades. Has it made a difference?
"As influx of Puerto Ricans continues, Koch-backed group starts seeking them out in Florida"
"Pope urges efforts to rebuild trust in North Korea, Syria"
Prague astronomical clock to be removed for restoration
A top BBC editor found out male peers were earning 50 percent more. So she resigned.
Second US military chopper makes emergency landing in Japan
German nationalist lawmaker gets warning over racist tweet
A new Korean war would kill more U.S. military personnel than you might think
ICE fires back at Pro-Trump union leader who bashed agency and president's pick for its chief
Ex-English soccer coach pleads guilty to child sex offenses
"Tensions in Romania's ruling party between PM, chairman"
Warsaw mayor's husband acts on order over house restitution
UK's Northern Ireland minister quits as May shuffles Cabinet
A man picked up something from the ground. It exploded in his hand.
France's Macron visits China to talk fairer trade and the future
Former Iran judiciary chief being treated in German hospital
Jordan says it foiled 'massive' terror plot linked to IS
The Health 202: Can marijuana survive the disapproving glare of Jeff Sessions?
The Daily 202: Why Trump and Republicans are suddenly talking up bipartisanship
The Finance 202: Gary Cohn may soon be headed for the exits.
"A man picked something up from the ground. Then, it exploded in his hand."
6 killed in Madagascar cyclone as thousands displaced
Why 'executive time' is a particularly bleak scoop about President Trump
"UN agency: 64 migrants ""probably"" died in Jan. 6 shipwreck of smuggling dinghy in Mediterranean"
Manhunt underway after deputy chasing suspected burglars shot and killed in Washington state
'Walking a line': The shrewd tactics of the White House's evangelical gatekeeper
An elderly woman went into the freezing cold to save her husband. They both died.
Gwyneth Paltrow's lifestyle 'detox guide' promotes coffee enema. Experts say it's bogus.
'A cruel harvest of the poor': Israeli allegedly behind human organ black market arrested in Cyprus
Lana Del Rey says Radiohead is suing her for plagiarizing 'Creep'
Meryl Streep just endorsed an Oprah Winfrey presidential run
"Trump posts, then corrects, tweet praising his 'consensual' presidency"
UN raises probable death toll in migrant boat sinking to 64
The Energy 202: Environmental issues could take center stage in Florida Senate race
"As Golden Globes pivot to #MeToo, diversity issues linger"
Syrian troops capture 14 villages from rebels
France sees sharp spike in asylum applications in 2017
Manhunt underway after deputy chasing suspected burglars is shot and killed in Washington state
Egypt detains 2 police after detainee death sparks clashes
"An Indian journalist exposed a huge breach in a government database, now she's facing a police complaint"
"Egypt says presidential election to be held March 26-28, runoff in April"
Prospective Merkel partner wants to make Germany EU 'motor'
Pakistan releases 147 Indians jailed for illegal fishing
Egypt to hold presidential election March 26-28
UN: 64 migrants probably died in Mediterranean boat sinking
"Trump administration to end provisional residency for 200,000 Salvadorans"
An Indian journalist exposed a huge breach in a government database. Now she's facing a police complaint.
Sometimes Trump sounds like he misses his 'old life'
"Oprah Winfrey's presidential candidate-esque Golden Globes speech, annotated"
Will the government shut down next week? It's possible.
"Trump Tower rooftop fire 'under control,' authorities say"
New Polish leader hoping to mend fences with EU partners
IAG takeover of part of Niki airline hits legal snag
Allow us to figure out just how much of your life is spent on Trump's 'executive time'
The military can't stop accidentally undermining Trump on Twitter
"200,000 Salvadorans may be forced to leave as Trump ends immigration protection"
Zimbabwe's main opposition leader hints at stepping aside
Romanian policeman detained on suspicion of child abuse
"Tom Steyer will plow $30 million into midterms, but won't run for office in 2018"
Olympics keeps 'door open' for NKorea at Pyeongchang Games
Thai leader tells reporters to quiz cardboard mock-up
Hearing delayed for Canadian ex-hostage Boyle
Supreme Court cites juror's racist comments in allowing Ga. death row inmate to appeal
"200,000 Salvadorans may be forced to leave the U.S. as Trump ends immigration protection"
Dortmund bombing suspect: I didn't intend to hurt anyone
Suspect is arrested in slaying of Ukrainian lawyer
"Pence reschedules Middle East trip for late January, adds stop in Jordan"
"How to attack the media like Stephen Miller, in 3 easy steps"
A Roy Moore accuser lost her home in a possible arson. Strangers rallied to raise thousands.
ICE fires back at Pro-Trump union leader who bashed agency
"Indian journalist exposes breach in government database, faces police complaint"
More women unconvinced that Al Franken's resignation was best for women
"3 injured in 'routine' Trump Tower fire, New York officials say"
"Hurricanes, wildfires made 2017 the most costly U.S. disaster year on record"
Turkey intends to extend post-coup state of emergency
Avalanche isolates Italian town; peak danger warning issued
Supreme Court cites juror's racist comments in allowing Ga. death-row inmate to appeal
Manhunt underway after deputy chasing burglary suspects is fatally shot in Washington state
Salvadorans fear TPS decision will be a huge economic blow to their country
Couple who met on dating site convicted of UK bomb plot
"Egypt sets election for March, with outcome all but certain"
"Smuggling boat sinks in Mediterranean, 64 feared dead"
AP PHOTOS: Bosnian Serbs observe Christmas as ancient ritual
Analysis: Iran protests show danger of economic woes
Steve Bannon's quasi-apology to the Trumps doesn't hold water
"At the Golden Globes, celebrities wanted to talk equal pay. But Congress has been mostly silent for more than 50 years."
Extreme hurricanes and wildfires made 2017 the most costly U.S. disaster year on record
Determining the power centers of Trump's White House - by appearances in 'Fire and Fury'
Stephen Bannon's quasi-apology to the Trumps doesn't hold water
Romanian prime minister thwarted in reshuffle attempt
Israeli TV airs audio of Netanyahu's son outside strip club
Mueller indicates he will likely seek interview with Trump
Iran FM warns neighbors against fomenting unrest
Macedonia takes emergency measures against air pollution
Mitt Romney was 'treated successfully' for prostate cancer
"Mueller likely to interview Trump as part of Russia probe; questioning could happen within weeks, according to a person close to the president"
"In 1973, there was a werewolf in the White House - at least in this B movie"
Climate change is turning 99 percent of these baby sea turtles female
What to do about high medical bills
"British cabinet shake-up notable for who stays, not who goes"
The grim cynicism of Trump's tweet about black unemployment
A giant oil tanker is on fire and could explode in the South China Sea
"More equipment, crews head to Puerto Rico for power boost"
"UK's May shuffles Cabinet, but Brexit divisions limit scope"
Kirsten Gillibrand has angered a big Democratic donor. That's a good thing.
Operations at JFK Airport slowly return to normal
'We are on the map.' Unbeaten UCF stakes claim to football national championship
Iran bans teaching English in primary schools
Democrat in special House election won't back Pelosi for leader
Football team's stay at Doral resort could bolster lawsuit targeting Trump
"Trump tells farmers they're 'happy' they voted for him, touts electoral college victory"
Kirsten Gillibrand has angered a big Democratic donor. That's a good thing for her.
"A giant oil tanker is on fire and could explode in the South China Sea, creating an environmental disaster"
This is the best argument to be made for Trump's political greatness?
Supreme Court justices wade into Florida-Georgia water fight
"Trump on American history: 'Mostly good, some not so good'"
'All we can do is cry now': Salvadorans face the loss of their American dream
"Justice Dept. scrambles to jam prison cellphones, stop drone deliveries to inmates"
Trump signs two orders promoting broadband Internet access in rural areas
Some conservatives who backed Trump claim Winfrey's lack of experience disqualifies her from office
Salvadorans fear TPS decision will be a huge economic blow but pin hopes on Congress
"A year after ISIS left, a battered Libyan city struggles to resurrect itself"
A giant oil tanker is on fire and could explode in the East China Sea
"Rep. Ed Royce of California to retire, the 8th GOP chairman to bow out ahead of midterms"
Kansas lawmaker says African Americans are more susceptible to drug abuse because of 'character makeup' and 'genetics.'
Mexican governor: Feds withhold funds on corruption probe
Kansas lawmaker says African Americans are more susceptible to drug abuse because of 'character makeup' and 'genetics'
Gays marry in midnight wedding ceremonies across Australia
France's Macron visits China to talk fairer trade
Lawmakers: Inflation in Venezuela tops 2600 percent in 2017
South Korean officials head to border for talks with North
Mueller indicates he is likely to seek interview with Trump
Natural disasters caused $306 billion in U.S. damage in 2017
Expansion of AP computer science courses draws more girls and minorities
The Trump administration just changed its overtime guidance - and business cheers
"Puerto Rico police chief resigns as killings, absences spike"
