"Trump pulls punches at global summit, making nice with foes and avoiding feuds"
"There's an easier way to board trains, so why doesn't Amtrak do it?"
"For George H.W. Bush, Pearl Harbor changed everything, and World War II made him a hero"
Mexico's new leader opens presidential residence to public
Putin and Trump chat at last - and face off over Ukraine
Mexico inaugurates its first leftist president since it became a democracy
Saudi crown prince exchanged messages with aide alleged to have overseen Khashoggi killing
Steps from the border but months from the dream
"'This is not an infiltration by criminals,' Democratic congresswoman says after visiting with asylum seekers"
Neil deGrasse Tyson under investigation after accusations of sexual misconduct
Does 'In God We Trust' belong in schools? More and more states say yes.
Veterans group seeks court's help in making airplane bathrooms more accessible
The Latest: Mexico's new leader signs pact on migrants
The Latest: Mexico's president joins in indigenous ceremony
Explosive device set off at US consulate in Mexican city
"Miami officer suspended after video shows him desecrating Jewish texts, chief says"
Mexican city shuts down migrant shelter near US border
Leftist leader takes reins in Mexico vowing to help poor
Climate talks kick off in Poland with boost from G-20 summit
"Paris police say 133 injured, 412 arrested during France's worst urban riot in years"
Israeli police recommend indicting Netanyahu in telecom case
Israeli police recommend indicting Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on bribery charges involving Israel's telecom giant
"Protest riot shocks Paris, leaves 133 injured, 412 arrested"
Israeli court orders release of Palestinian official
Africa wildlife films try to inspire amid poaching scourge
Spanish trawler with rescued migrants can dock in Malta
"Riot debris covers Paris streets; 133 injured, 412 arrested"
Ukraine urges German naval presence in the Black Sea
GM thinks layoffs will boost its bottom line. The reality is more complicated.
Mexico's new president turns presidential mansion into museum
A look at what happened at the G-20 summit in Argentina
Bush's Somalia mission to save 'innocents' echoes today
Macron tours damaged Arc de Triomphe after Paris hit by riot
Maltese coast guard takes 11 migrants saved by trawler
Airstrike kills 10 civilians in eastern Afghanistan
Are we literally losing our way by relying on GPS devices?
Gambians embrace new freedoms with environment activism
Pope lights candle to promote peace in Syria
Bangladesh opposition leader Zia ineligible to contest polls
Israeli police recommend charging Netanyahu in third corruption case
WorldViews: The wildly ambitious plan of Mexico's President AMLO
"'I had no contact with Assange,' Roger Stone says"
3 women and their toddlers are steps from the U.S. border but months from the dream
'The most kind and considerate person I've ever known': Former George H.W. Bush administration officials pay tribute to late president
The Baltic Sea offers a preview of what's to come with global warming
The last stand of Congress's Never Trump brigade
Lawmakers wary of Trump's threat to cancel NAFTA
Saudi prince was contacted before and after Khashoggi killing
The Latest: Mexico's new leader pushes military police plan
"Fire in building leaves 1 dead, 19 hospitalized in India"
Ukraine: Leader pledges church choice for Orthodox faithful
Beyonce and other stars to perform at Mandela festival
Ukraine urges German naval presence in Black Sea
"Cohen's guilty plea suggests Russia has 'leverage' over Trump, top Democrat says"
George H.W. Bush was the accidental catalyst that built the new Republican Party
Mexico's new leader says military essential to fight crime
Could anyone have stopped gene-edited babies experiment?
Damaging police report looms over Netanyahu re-election bid
'Twists but no plot': Trump's diminishing foreign travel reflects a president scaling back foreign ambition
Kamala Harris to decide on 2020 White House bid 'over the holiday'
Police find man who lost engagement ring while proposing over a Times Square grate
How George H.W. Bush pushed the United States to embrace free trade
"Paris assesses injuries, damage after worst riot in decade"
Ex-Burundi leader rejects warrant for his arrest as tactic
Syria says US-led coalition fired missiles on its positions
Spain's Socialists face test in regional Andalusia vote
"The Trailer: Georgia's high-stakes, low-profile runoff is Tuesday. Do Democrats care?"
Coal question looms large as climate talks begin in Poland
"Spain Socialists dealt blow in Andalusia, far-right emerges"
The Latest: Mexico foreign minister in Washington for talks
"'Honorable, gracious and decent': In death, Bush becomes a yardstick for President Trump"
"A legendary Yellowstone wolf was killed by a hunter. Years later, her daughter died the same way."
ISIS figure involved in executing U.S. hostage Peter Kassig is killed in airstrike
