Brazil court deciding on fate of da Silva's presidential bid
Mexico frees 39 Cuban migrants held for ransom
"Thousands of Vietnamese, including offspring of U.S. troops, could be deported under Trump policy"
African migrants trapped in crossfire of clashes
Catholic Church in Australia stands firm against reporting child abuse revealed in confession
Nicaragua kicks out U.N. investigators after report rips government
Europe contemplates ending daylight saving time
Hill staffers: Spanberger's records released because employee misunderstood request
"Days after child-abuse charges are dismissed, New Mexico compound suspects are arrested again"
"Police seized $10,000 of a couple's cash. They couldn't get it back - until they went public."
Couple ordered to turn over funds raised for homeless man
UNC the latest college to grapple with the felling of a Confederate statue amid fears of rising tension
Florida family terrorized by backyard squatter: A giant lizard that looks like something out of 'Jurassic Park'
The Latest: Court majority blocks ex-president in Brazil
Majority of justices on Brazil's electoral court vote to bar candidacy of ex-President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva
Brazil's jailed former president 'Lula' barred from running again by electoral court
Brazil's Lula da Silva barred from running for presidency
"Former Trump adviser, the first charged in Mueller probe, asks judge to spare him jail time"
Lula da Silva barred from running for Brazil's presidency
Brazil's jailed former president Lula barred from running again by electoral court
Indonesian president announces bid for 2032 Olympics
Ugandan opposition pop star flies abroad for treatment
Pakistan temporarily closes consulate in Afghanistan
8 injured in blaze at German refinery; hundreds evacuated
DeVos leaving it to states whether to use federal money to buy guns for schools
"Pope decries ""emergency"" of plastics blighting world's seas"
"Russian airport worker dies, 18 hurt in plane crash"
"China storm kills 2 people, forces 127,000 to evacuate"
McCain to be eulogized at memorial service by two former presidents
John McCain's life and legacy remembered
Will Chinese investment rescue a city in Germany's Rust Belt - or exploit it?
US ambassador: Victims in Amsterdam stabbing are Americans
Balloon poking fun at Mayor Sadiq Khan flies over London
Indonesia announces surprise bid for 2032 Olympics
New general takes over in Afghanistan amid questions about the U.S. military's future there
"Thousands in Moldova rally, call to reunite with Romania"
Lana Del Rey nixes Israel concert after Palestinian pressure
Coptic diocese says group attacked Christian homes in Egypt
Far right to merge their street protests in German city
New general takes over in Afghanistan amid questions about U.S. military's future there
Welsh man charged after counter-terrorism police inquiry
9 injured in blaze at German refinery; hundreds evacuated
McCain funeral: 'The America of John McCain has no need to be made great again'
Yemen's rebels say they targeted Saudi ship
"Mauritanians voting in legislative, municipal elections"
Champagne trying to defeat heat amid another early harvest
McCain memorial: 'The world will be lonelier without John McCain'
Impeachment talk has perils for both parties
A new Israeli law is making this fiercely loyal sect question what it has fought for
Fire on Greek island ferry extinguished after 3 days
Tottenham's Son avoids military duty with Asian Games gold
Far-right groups hope to build German force in joint protest
The Latest: Guatemalans to protest end of anti-graft body
Ukraine rebels say bodyguard died with leader in bombing
"Trump to withhold 100,000 pages of Kavanaugh's White House records"
McCain memorial: 'What better way to honor John McCain than follow his example'
Algeria's ailing president returns from Swiss health check
Mexican city tells police to ignore most sex in public
"As Washington mourns McCain, Trump tends to grievances on Twitter"
Saudi-led coalition regrets errors in attack on bus in Yemen
3 arrested for firing bullets at US Embassy in Turkey
The Latest: Amsterdam attack suspect had 'terrorist motive'
The Latest: German far-right groups stage 'mourning march'
"Amsterdam authorities say Afghan suspect in stabbing that injured 2 Americans had ""terrorist motive."""
Bush on McCain: 'I got to enjoy one of life's great gifts: the friendship of John McCain.'
Obama on McCain: 'John called on us to be bigger than that. He called on us to be better than that.'
The most poignant (and political) excerpts from Meghan McCain's fiery eulogy for her father
She was jailed. She was harassed. But this journalist in Azerbaijan finds new ways to battle alleged rights abuses.
The Latest: German police advise end of anti-migrant rally
Dutch authorities: Stabbing suspect had 'terrorist motive'
"He killed two with package bombs around Austin, police said. New video shows his fiery end."
Oregon man accuses company of firing him for not joining Bible study
"In rare admission, Saudi-led coalition says airstrike killed Yemeni children last month"
Amsterdam: 'Terrorist motive' alleged in attack on Americans
Trump will visit Ireland in November. Some are already planning a 'uniquely Irish' protest.
"An 'appalling' robocall, as racism invades Florida's governor's race for second time this week"
Former Trump adviser Papadopoulos asks judge to spare him jail time
"She searched how to get away with murder, police say. Now she's charged with killing her two infants."
"She searched 'how to kill someone and not get caught,' police say. Now she's charged with the murder of her two infants."
Ugandan opposition pop star flies to US for treatment
German police end march envisioned as far-right springboard
'America was always great': Meghan McCain rebukes Trump
Issues for Brett Kavanaugh: the president who chose him and the Supreme Court he would change
McCain's funeral was a melancholy last hurrah for what's been lost in Trump era
'Get the Nazi out of New York.' The secret operation to deport the last living Nazi defendant in the U.S. was a rare success.
How an ICBM commander learned to stop worrying and love the bomb
"She searched 'how to kill someone and not get caught,' police say. Now she's charged with murdering her 2 infants."
Brazil has mixed feelings over barring of da Silva candidacy
Explosions shake Syrian capital after midnight
The Latest: Dutch terror threat level stays at 4 of 5
