"The revolution is real, but it's unclear whether Sanders will lead it"
Justice Dept. inspector general finishes draft of report on Clinton email case
'I'm not gonna lay here and just get shot': Survivors recount the terror and chaos of the Las Vegas massacre
"On the campaign trail with Venezuela's Maduro, they turn out for the fatherland, and for food."
'Thank the Party!' China tries to brainwash Muslims in camps
"North Carolina teachers descend upon state capitol, forcing schools to close"
The story behind the viral photo of a Kent State graduate posing with her cap - and a rifle
"After fatal accident, Southwest Airlines inspects 35,000 engine fan blades and finds no flaws"
'It could have been a lot worse': Officer confronts armed 19-year-old at Illinois high school
"For years a flag mural at the border has honored deported U.S. military veterans. After Trump visit, agents are looking into taking it down."
San Francisco will bring anti-addiction medication to users on the streets
North Carolina schools close as teachers confront lawmakers at state capitol
"Russian firm tied to Putin ally, charged in 2016 trolling campaign, clashes with Mueller probe"
"Climate change, crowding imperil iconic route to top of Mount Everest"
Malaysia police raid ex-PM house as part of corruption probe
50-carat white diamond fetches $6.5M at Christie's Geneva
"Calling immigrants 'animals,' Trump evokes an ugly history of dehumanization"
"Mueller's team told Trump's lawyers the special counsel cannot indict a sitting president, Giuliani says"
Larry Nassar's victims to get $500 million in settlement with Michigan State University
"This former first lady ran for president. But like Hillary Clinton, Mexico's Margarita Zavala won't make it"
"New Zealand plans to spend billions on hospitals, education"
Seoul pushes for successful Trump-Kim talks as North warns
Fiji 4 await verdict in case that tests press freedoms
"New Zealand to spend billions on fixing hospitals, schools"
Maduro's backers press socialism amid Venezuela's nightmare
Venezuela: Canada bans expat voters from casting ballots
How Kim Jong Un got cold feet
China vows to defend its own interests in US trade talks
Survivors of China's far west political camps detail ordeal
Ex-PM lawyer says no docs seized in Malaysia police search
Pakistan army kills militant wanted for slaying 100 Shiites
A look at the Muslim fasting month of Ramadan
Burundi votes in referendum on the president's power
India's Hindu nationalists defeat Congress in state election
News agency says violent protest leaves 1 dead in south Iran
"Waterboarded, shot with crossbows: 10 children in Calif. home faced harsh abuse, officials say"
AP Interview: Anwar wants Malaysia to scrap race policies
"EU urges Balkans reform, cool on accepting new members"
Anwar: Preferential treatment for Malaysia's Malay majority must be replaced by program to help poor regardless of race
Israel says its planes bombed militant targets in Gaza
3 Japanese seek damages for forced sterilization policy
This is why North Korea reacted so strongly to Bolton's mention of the 'Libya model'
German paper's Netanyahu cartoon criticized as anti-Semitic
Turkey slams US sentencing of Turkish banker on Iran scheme
EU urges Balkans reform but cool on accepting new members
Can the International Criminal Court investigate the violence in Gaza?
How an Irish-American woman's legal case helped spur Ireland's abortion referendum
Study says China-backed dam would destroy Mekong
Incarcerated Ukrainian filmmaker goes on hunger strike
"Ebola spreads to city, entering 3 health zones in Congo"
Grenfell report to call for wholesale fire safety changes
"Congo's health minister says Ebola has spread to a city, a worrying development in the country's northwest"
"GOP House members, flailing in bids for statewide office, look reliant on Trump's endorsement"
Florida teacher accused of drowning raccoons in class placed on leave - and under investigation
Catalonia gets new leader determined to achieve independence
"As World Cup approaches, a budding team has no opponents"
"Who will decide which party controls the House? Whiter, wealthier Americans."
How educational programs in Africa can help counter violent extremism
Islamists are losing support in Jordan
Mueller investigation enters Year Two: What comes next - and how it could end
Hawaii's volcanoes: How George S. Patton took on the lava and lost
A robot helped a sick high school senior experience graduation from the hospital
He lured young men looking for weed. Their bodies turned up in a pig roaster.
"'A demented social club': Poachers slaughtered hundreds of animals in Pacific Northwest for 'the thrill,' police say"
Meghan Markle's dad won't walk her down the aisle: When royal wedding traditions fall
First confirmed urban Ebola case is a 'game changer' in Congo outbreak
"Meghan Markle, Prince Harry and the brutal anniversary of a royal beheading"
"3 Japanese seek damages, apology for forced sterilizations"
China rejects appeal on behalf of Nobel Prize winner's widow
2 UN peacekeepers freed in Congo's southeast
EU takes 6 member states to court over air quality
Iran signs oil deal with UK group as France's Total exits
The Energy 202: Scott Pruitt came closer than ever to admitting mistakes. Democrats say it's not enough.
The Health 202: There's a fight brewing between the Trump administration and drugmakers
The Finance 202: Trump's NAFTA pledge in danger as key deadline passes
"In reference to 'animals,' Trump evokes an ugly history of dehumanization"
The Cybersecurity 202: Google wants to help political groups fight these cheap but disruptive cyberattacks
How George S. Patton took on Hawaii's lava and lost
Shopping while black. African Americans continue to face retail racism.
Some endangered frogs may be leaping back from extinction
"Once again, a Japanese train leaves an 'inexcusable' 25 seconds early. Why can't we have the same problems?"
"Meghan Markle: 'Sadly, my father will not be attending our wedding'"
Bosnia says it will stop illegal migration amid increase
AP Explains: Ebola reaches an urban area in Congo. What now?
Philippine senators: Supreme Court set 'dangerous precedent'
Report: Germany obtained sample of Novichok in the 1990s
Trump marks Mueller anniversary by claiming FBI 'spied' on his campaign
Will Sunday's elections bring economic relief and reform to Venezuela?
"Go ahead, Americans, enjoy the royal wedding. It doesn't make you unpatriotic."
Dog rescues his pooch friend from drowning in a pool
Hawaii's volcanoes: How George S. Patton took on the lava with bombs
A royal wedding and beheading: The date that links Meghan Markle and Anne Boleyn
Malaysia steps up graft probe of fund linked to ex-leader
Iran deal: Merkel cautious on compensation after US pullout
Baby switch at Montenegro hospital under investigation
Chinese mass-indoctrination camps evoke Cultural Revolution
Poland moves against Russians engaged in 'hybrid' activities
Congo's Ebola outbreak reports 1st confirmed urban case
The Daily 202: Immigration is tearing Republicans apart
Dutch anti-Islam firebrand Wilders: Appeals hearing not fair
EU urges Balkan reform but cool on accepting new members
Will Michael Cohen's mounting frustration lead him to turn on Trump?
Is Trump's rhetoric about an informant in his campaign warranted?
"This former first lady ran for president. But like Hillary Clinton, Mexico's Margarita Zavala won't make it."
Grave crisis drives apathy in Venezuelan election
The Latest: Macron won't take sides over trade with Iran
"Baby delivered from brain-damaged mother is OK, goes home"
18 acquitted in massive Brussels Airport 2013 diamond heist
Rudy Giuliani just watered down Trump's Russia collusion denial - again
"One thing, Rudy Giuliani: The Trump campaign *did* use it."
'My next call is to ICE!': Man's rant against workers who spoke Spanish at a Manhattan deli caught on camera
Condoms 'fit for a prince' and Meghan's face on a swimsuit: Royal wedding merchandise is out of control
Watch this massive tornado tear across Germany
Burundi votes on extending president's power until 2034
AP Explains: What's at stake in Venezuelan presidential vote
French official: Friend of attacker faces accomplice charge
Police seize child porn in widespread Brazil raids
Why hasn't Trump attacked Michael Avenatti?
"ICE just abandoned its dream of ""extreme vetting"" software that could predict whether a foreign visitor would become a terrorist"
FDA shames drug companies suspected of using 'gaming tactics' to delay competition
'They want to kill me': American in Venezuela prison riot pleads for help in video
Pentagon releases video depicting recovery of U.S. soldiers' remains in Niger
UN peacekeeper killed in ambush in Central African Republic
"Pope 'making history' with Chile abuse summit, official says"
Congo's Ebola outbreak spreads to a city of over 1 million
Why are House Republicans bucking their leadership on immigration?
Trump's long history of referring to nonwhite criminals as 'animals'
McConnell warns control of the Senate is 'absolutely' in play in midterm elections
USDA may warn some facilities when animal welfare inspectors are coming
"Reports: 1 student, 1 adult killed in New Jersey school bus crash"
'Explosive' eruption at Hawaii volcano's summit shoots ash more than five miles high
Air Force says it's sorry about linking the viral #YannyvsLaurel debate and a Taliban attack
NIH halts $100 million study of moderate drinking that is funded by alcohol industry
ICE just abandoned its dream of 'extreme vetting' software that could predict whether a foreign visitor would become a terrorist
"During wait for Iraqi election results, foreign states scramble for influence"
The Latest: Pope: Chile's bishops will get past sex scandal
"'Major, major game-changer': Ebola spreads to big Congo city"
Pakistan raid kills militant wanted for killing 100 Shiites
Why Robert Mueller probably won't - and perhaps shouldn't - indict Trump
Appeals court denies Trump request to stay Summer Zervos defamation case
Trump offers reassurance that North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un would remain in power under nuclear deal
"A student and an adult were killed in New Jersey schoolbus crash, news reports say"
Air Force says it's sorry about linking the viral Yanny vs. Laurel debate and a Taliban attack
"During wait for Iraqi election results, political blocs scramble for influence"
Gina Haspel confirmed as CIA chief despite scrutiny of her role in interrogation program
Polish leader has different view of Trump than EU's Tusk
British PM says courage needed on Macedonian-Greek name spat
Syria's Assad travels to Russia to meet with Putin
Friend of French knife attacker may face charges in rampage
"Police arrest 170, seize child pornography in Brazil raids"
Kremlin says Syrian President Bashar Assad has traveled to Russia for talks with President Vladimir Putin.
Here's how big a rock you'd have to drop into the ocean to see the rise in sea level happening now
"The House GOP's internal immigration battle, laid bare"
Trump just contradicted Bolton on North Korea. What's the 'Libya model' they disagree on?
Burundi is deciding if its president will stay in power until 2034
"Congo confirms first urban Ebola case, raising possibility of 'explosive increase in cases'"
The Latest: Inmate families gather at police headquarters
Canada man who sent letter bombs guilty of attempted murder
Syria's Assad meets with Putin in Russia
"Nearly 5,000 evacuated in Colombia after troubles at dam"
Pope's Chile abuse summit ends amid signs heads will roll
Trump is getting briefed on North Korea - by the media
"John Fetterman, Pittsburgh's socialists, Trump-district Democrats: Some winners from this week's elections"
Lawyer who threatened to call ICE about Spanish speakers is now target of complaint
A new 'D.B. Cooper' suspect? Yet another possible identity for the elusive hijacker.
"A student and an adult were killed in New Jersey schoolbus crash, officials say"
TSA has created secret watch list for unruly passengers
"Science says that during disasters, people are terrible on Twitter"
South Korea asks: Who is that mystery man with Pompeo and Kim?
"Police arrest 251, seize child pornography in Brazil raids"
Probe of leaked banking records related to Michael Cohen expands after New Yorker report
'Year of the Woman Candidate'?: Democratic voters have welcomed a surge of women running.
'He stood up for civility:' Tributes for ailing McCain a tacit contrast with Trump
NIH halts study of moderate drinking that is funded by alcohol industry
"A student and an adult were killed in New Jersey school bus crash, officials say"
Fire and rain: Here's how a wildfire sparked a freak thunderstorm in Texas
Trump offers reassurance that dictator Kim Jong Un would remain in power under nuclear deal
Everything you need to know about Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's royal wedding
The Latest: President Maduro predicts decisive win in vote
Friend of Paris knife attacker handed charges in rampage
Canadian firm in talks to bail out troubled Kushner building
NIH halts study of moderate drinking that was funded by alcohol industry
NATO Secretary General: My main task is to make sure we continue standing together
The Latest: Venezuela transfers 72 inmates after unrest
The Latest: Congo announces 11 new confirmed Ebola cases
"Congo health ministry announces 11 new confirmed Ebola cases, 2 deaths in suspected cases amid outbreak in northwest"
