The worst thing to be in many Democratic primaries? A white male candidate.
For the record: Supreme Court nominees considered in 'election years'
'I think some of it borders on illegal': Steve Scalise condemns protests in wake of Waters comments
Crowley's loss divides stunned Democrats about the future of party leadership
'Quit your jobs': Protesters confront ICE workers at Washington headquarters
"Va. AG Herring sues Purdue Pharma, maker of Oxycontin, blaming it for opioid crisis"
"Puerto Rico pushes for statehood, calling it a civil rights issue"
Mexico's fevered presidential campaign wraps up with Lopez Obrador in lead
Mexican presidential campaign wraps up with Lopez Obrador in lead
A city in Oman just posted the world's hottest low temperature ever recorded: 109 degrees
"Justice Kennedy, the pivotal swing vote on the Supreme Court, announces his retirement"
Trump sounds triumphant at North Dakota rally
Search warrants give details about Paul Manafort's financial entanglement with a Russian oligarch
"Lawmakers must condemn Nazism and Holocaust denial, top House Republican says"
A black man was murdered for dating a white woman. His killer was sentenced - 35 years later.
Texas 'ice-pick killer' executed after failed appeals for death by firing squad or nitrogen gas
"Congress, courts stymie Trump border crackdown"
Pruitt seeks to limit EPA's authority to halt projects akin to Alaska's Pebble Mine
The James Webb Space Telescope is - wait for it - delayed again
Portland ICE protest grows; demonstrators seek to abolish agency amid immigration crisis
Chief Justice John Roberts is now the Supreme Court's swing vote
"US, UK teams join Thailand's search for 13 missing in cave"
"Pence stops in Ecuador to talk trade, Venezuela crisis"
Mexicans want to throw out status quo in presidential vote
Does the West actually face a migration crisis?
Prosecutor: Suspects in N. Korean death are trained killers
Prince William tours Jerusalem on final day of royal visit
Mattis says US will keep current troop levels in South Korea
President Trump announces a major U.S. Steel expansion - that isn't happening
"Knife-wielding man kills 2 boys in Shanghai, injures others"
Australian spy and lawyer charged over East Timor scandal
Turkey frees prominent journalist from jail pending appeal
"China defends trade record, promises more opening"
Israeli Cabinet minister resigns from Western Wall committee
South Korea's president wants people to work less - and have more children
Chartered plane crashes in Mumbai; casualties unclear
"Police say chartered plane has crashed in Mumbai, India's financial capital; number of passengers and injuries unclear"
UAE offers its defense in Qatar lawsuit at UN high court
Syrian refugees living in Lebanon start returning to Syria
Chinese navy hospital ship's 11-nation tour includes Vanuatu
"Activists say an airstrike has hit an underground shelter, killing at least 17 civilians in southwestern Syria"
"Indonesia police say 2 dead, 2 missing in Papua attacks"
Court: S.Korea must allow alternative for military objectors
"China tries to defuse trade pressure, says world benefits"
Chartered plane crashes in Mumbai; at least 5 people dead
The Democrats are in dire straits
India just retaliated with new tariffs on U.S. goods. Here's why developing economies like tariffs.
Thousands of migrants have been abandoned in the Sahara. This is what their journey looks like.
Rescuers in Thailand search for alternative entrance to cave
US envoy Nikki Haley goes on inter-faith journey in India
"Queen Elizabeth II 'under the weather', cancels appearance"
"Fire sweeps through market in Kenya's capital, killing 15"
The Cybersecurity 202: Cellphone spying has lawmakers worried. But they don't know how to stop it.
'It's not just one district': Ocasio-Cortez pushes back on Pelosi's caution not to read too much into her victory
"After Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez's upset in N.Y., can Ayanna Pressley pull off a repeat in Massachusetts?"
Does 'zero tolerance' protect the U.S. from terrorism or crime? Let's examine the evidence.
I took AAA's distracted driving road test. It wasn't pretty.
Ivy League student known for fighting sexual violence is charged with child sex crimes
Inventor who made ballpark beer flow freely pulled lifeless from cooler at Atlanta Braves stadium
"Rosenstein, Wray to testify before House Judiciary Committee on inspector general's report"
The U.S. Supreme Court is highly politicized. It doesn't have to be that way.
"UK monarchy costs go up, partly due to Buckingham Palace"
Suspect from 2015 Paris attacks in the judges' office
Activists: Airstrike on shelter kills 17 in southwest Syria
UK committee says Brits knew of US prisoner mistreatment
2 more Chilean bishops forced to resign as pope cleans house
"Afghanistan: Attacks kill 29, including elders urging peace"
The Finance 202: Kennedy retirement isn't a game changer for corporate America
"Trump and Putin will meet July 16 in Helsinki, Washington and Moscow announce"
U.N. peacekeeping really can be effective. Here's how we tabulated this.
"Prince William visits Jerusalem's holy sites, concluding historic visit"
A mystery jogger shoved a woman into the path of a bus. The case is now closed - and unsolved.
The Latest: Syrian opposition blames escalation on US
"Queen Elizabeth II 'under the weather,' cancels appearance"
Japan mayor saved by nurse says female sumo ban irrelevant
Australia bans covert foreign interference in politics
"Putin, Trump to have summit in Helsinki on July 16"
"The Latest: Trump, Putin to meet in Helsinki on July 16"
The Daily 202: Five times Anthony Kennedy was the fifth vote shows the significance of his retirement
The Energy 202: Kennedy's retirement could bring a seismic shift to environmental law
Republicans' increasing monopoly on American government
The Health 202: Kennedy's retirement raises possibility of overturning Roe v. Wade
Airstrike in southern Syria kills families hiding in shelter from offensive
Britain tolerated 'inexcusable' treatment of detainees by the Americans after 9/11
French cement firm Lafarge charged in Syria funding deals
Hundreds of Syrian refugees in Lebanon cross back into Syria
Greek court clears 2 of belonging to terrorist group
He didn't know how to swim - but he dove to his death to save a 5-year-old's life
Iran striker retires from team at 23 after online insults
"Ethiopia, Eritrea leaders to meet 'soon' in surprising thaw"
"Pope, making new cardinals, hears Iraqi tell of martyrs"
Russia: Blackmail led to chemical weapons agency's new power
"Ethiopia, Eritrea leaders to meet 'soon' amid surprising diplomatic thaw: Foreign minister"
German court upholds height requirement for police officers
"Barbara Lee, a stalwart of the left, considering bid for House Democratic leadership"
A broad debunking of Trump's claims about Russian interference and the Mueller investigation
America's cheese stockpile just hit an all-time high
The French-Italian border reveals the essence of the European clash on migration
"Rosenstein, Wray field questions from lawmakers about watchdog report on Clinton email probe"
Egypt says it's killed 10 militants behind convoy bombing
Putin: New Russian weapons decades ahead of foreign rivals
Finnish neutrality key to Helsinki hosting US-Russia summit
A 'Me Too' movement shakes Chilean universities
Justice Kennedy's retirement is what evangelicals were banking on with Trump
"Ethics panel probing Arizona representative, chief of staff over allegations of improper spending"
Rod Rosenstein shuts down Jim Jordan over Fox News report
"Melania Trump is headed to Texas for second visit to immigration facilities, according to AP"
The president of Venezuela just called Mike Pence 'a poisonous viper'
'I'm not trying to hide anything': Rosenstein fires back Republicans' attacks
"Seeking split from ICE, agents say Trump's immigration crackdown hurts investigations, morale"
Pope to new cardinals: Defend dignity of others
Private plane crashes in crowded Mumbai area; 5 people dead
Pakistan says it will be placed back on financial watch list
The Latest: Gorbachev has high hopes for Putin-Trump summit
"Corruption foremost on Mexico voters' minds, Trump less so"
"In new video, Arnold Schwarzenegger asks Trump what's next after saving coal: Bringing back Blockbuster video stores?"
Why Democrats have basically no chance of stopping Trump's Supreme Court pick
Melania Trump visits immigration facilities in Arizona
France's butchers fear the wrath of 'militant vegans'
More than 600 charged in nation's largest health care fraud investigation
This lawmaker resigned in scandal. He won't rejoin the Navy after a congresswoman's inquiry.
The president of Venezuela calls Mike Pence 'a poisonous viper'
'I'm not trying to hide anything': Rosenstein fires back at Republicans' attacks
"Britain tolerated 'inexcusable' treatment of detainees by Americans after 9/11, government report finds"
Hundreds of Syrians leave Lebanon for long-awaited reunions
Israel convicts hacker who threatened US Jewish centers
"Airstrikes pound southern Syria, causing thousands to flee"
Human trafficking charge added to Cambodian surrogacy case
"Mexico's presidential election, at a glance"
"When it comes to generational diversity in Congress, Ocasio-Cortez has a point"
"Seeking a split from ICE, some agents say Trump's immigration crackdown hurts investigations and morale"
A car crash killed a newlywed in 1973. Now police say she was killed by the groom.
The ongoing problem of conveniently malfunctioning police cameras
CBS was interviewing an ICE whistleblower at home. Then government agents showed up.
"Summer's first heat wave arrives in Central U.S., will shift to Northeast this weekend"
Melania Trump meets with immigration officials in Arizona on 'behalf of children and families'
"Half of LGBTQ workers are still not out at the office, a report says"
The president of Venezuela calls Pence 'a poisonous viper'
"Pence talk trade, Venezuela crisis during Ecuador visit"
Congo says countdown toward end of Ebola outbreak begins
New tropical storm in Pacific off Mexico; no threat to land
Pope to 14 new cardinals: Defend the dignity of the poor
How Rosenstein and Wray's testimony undermined GOP efforts to undermine the Russia investigation
N.J. approaches a government shutdown as Democrats feud over tax on millionaires
Nonprofit group sets up a hotline to help reunite immigrant families
Melania Trump meets with immigration officials in Arizona on 'behalf of children and the families'
State Department decries institutionalization of children
Morocco border chief says Libya curbs creating new pressures
Report: Egypt president approves cell phone line price hike
'Don't get cute': Trump is really sore about Harley-Davidson's perceived lack of loyalty to him
"Most immigrants are in the U.S. legally, something most Americans don't know"
"Putin, Trump to hold summit in Helsinki on July 16"
FEC struggles to craft new rules for political ads in the digital space
Cease fire in southwestern Syria nears collapse as U.S. and Russia trade blame
Trump and Putin will meet July 16 in Helsinki
President of Venezuela calls Pence 'a poisonous viper'
Republicans berate Rosenstein and urge him to end Russia probe
"In migration fight, Italy stalls E.U. summit deal"
Libya's Hifter says forces seize eastern city of Derna
"9 killed as oil-carrying truck crashes, burns in Nigeria"
Greek groups bring lawsuit against Macedonia name deal
This is the deadliest day for the American media since 9/11
How Rosenstein's and Wray's testimony undermined GOP efforts to undermine the Russia investigation
"California legislators just adopted tough new privacy rules targeting Facebook, Google and other tech giants"
'It was better off if my entire family just died': A North Korean defector's harrowing story spotlights China's role
Cease-fire in southwestern Syria nears collapse as U.S. and Russia trade blame
Pence meets Central American leaders on migrant crisis at U.S. border
The Latest: US Vice President Pence arrives in Guatemala
"AP PHOTOS: US-Russia summits remembered for results, slips"
Rep. Maxine Waters cancels events due to 'very serious death threat'
"'If it wasn't the Roberts court already, it is the Roberts court now'"
'Everyone is focused on Lisa and Susan': The two most powerful senators in the fight to replace Kennedy
'Which side are you on?': Liberals pressure centrist Democrats on Trump's court pick
How the 'Bad Boys of Brexit' forged ties with Russia and the Trump campaign - and came under investigators' scrutiny
Romaine lettuce E. coli outbreak is over as new evidence points to tainted water
