Trump breaks with decades of protocol with tweet before release of jobs report
"EPA's Pruitt spent $1,560 on 12 customized fountain pens from Washington jewelry store"
How the Great Recession changed the job market forever for college grads
Mexican federal prosecutors take over border disappearances
Rival UN Security Council proposals on Gaza both fail
Conservatism took hold in this region for six centuries. Then people fled.
"New Puerto Rico data shows deaths increased by 1,400 after Hurricane Maria"
"A teen killed a black man with his truck - then called him a racist slur online, police say"
"UN office impartial in Mexico elections, despite letter"
Former Afghan hostage Joshua Boyle granted bail
Mattis slams China on South China Sea island weaponization
Mourning for Guatemalan woman shot by US border Patrol
Justice Dept. advised Trump that Syria airstrikes were legal
First he bought a Google assistant. Then he used it to fire a gun.
"Adele's voice got lower after childbirth. That's common but temporary, a new study shows."
"With U.S.-North Korea summit back on, the South welcomes 'historic' talks after diplomatic blitz"
Trump-Kim summit is back on. How do Singaporeans feel?
"Gunmen kill official, wound 3 guards in Pakistan tribal area"
Pushing the envelope: Why was Kim's letter for Trump so big
'Salvator Mundi' buyer named new Saudi Culture Minister
Israel says troops kill Palestinian attacker in West Bank
"Visa says disruption caused by hardware problem, not attack"
Spain's Socialist leader Pedro Sanchez has been sworn in as the country's new prime minister
Police fire on funeral of Kashmir man killed by troops
Egyptian president sworn in for a second term
Yemeni officials say fighting along west coast kills 28
At least 100 killed in Nicaragua as political violence intensifies
"With Ebola at a ""critical point"" in Congo, aid groups scramble to limit the outbreak"
UK police to reopen famous political attempted-murder probe
Police fire on funeral of Kashmir man killed by soldiers
"Hurricane Maria was one of the deadliest natural disasters in U.S. history, according to a new estimate"
Hunt for Golden State Killer led detectives to Hobby Lobby for DNA sample
Israel says Palestinian attacker shot dead in West Bank
Britain says North Korean surveillance 'vitally important'
NATO chief says alliance won't aid Israel if Iran attacks
Italy national pride on display after political crisis ends
Ethiopia ministers OK draft law to lift state of emergency
"With Ebola at 'critical point' in Congo, aid groups scramble to limit the outbreak"
"With Ebola at a 'critical point' in Congo, aid groups scramble to limit the outbreak"
"Syria FM: Iran has no combat forces, bases in the country"
Iraqi official: Islamic State kills family of 12
Trump's response to the Roseanne incident betrayed a lack of knowledge about black history
Italian national pride on display as political crisis ends
Egypt's el-Sissi begins 2nd term amid crackdown on dissent
He helped reopen the Statue of Liberty after 9/11. Now he's retiring instead of being reassigned.
AfD chief: Nazi era a 'speck of bird poop' in German history
"16 hurt as Mali opposition, security forces clash in march"
Protests resume after Palestinian paramedic's Gaza funeral
Ethiopia moves to lift state of emergency two months early as tensions ease
Pope digs deeper into roots of Chile sex abuse scandal
15 killed by cattle rustlers in northwestern Nigeria: Police
Some Danes seek to limit male circumcision to 18 and over
California's open primaries are a cautionary tale about political reform
Everything you need to know about Trump's big envelope from Kim Jong Un and the hope for world peace
"Conservatism took hold here 1,000 years ago. Until the people fled."
Malaysia has $250 billion of debt. The government is trying to crowdfund it.
Ukraine has struck a blow at Putin's assassins. Why aren't we celebrating?
Cuban officials raise death toll from Alberto to 7
Cuba forms commission to update Soviet-era constitution
"New Italian govt vows to create jobs, deport migrants"
A Palestinian medic was shot dead in Gaza. Now Israel says it will investigate.
Mattis warns China over 'militarization' of South China Sea
Danes seek to limit male circumcision to those 18 and over
"Conservatives protest in Macedonia, demand early election"
US citizen killed in Nicaragua amid unrest
"Conservatives protest in Macedonia, demand early elections"
"In secret memo, Trump's lawyers argued he has complete power over Justice investigations and could not have committed obstruction"
'Speed dating': Critics worry Trump is already handing propaganda victories to North Korea
US citizen shot to death in Nicaragua's capital amid unrest
Reports say North Korea wants a McDonald's. It could be a big deal.
Actor Benedict Cumberbatch reportedly saves London man from attackers
Israel says it will look into shooting of Palestinian medic in Gaza
Malaysia has $250 billion of debt. The government has turned to crowdfunding.
