Corker warms to Trump and flirts with reelection bid
White House reels as FBI director contradicts official claims about alleged abuser
Tillerson says investment in Iraq is critical to prevent Islamic State's return
"Trade a Lexus for a prestigious phone number? In Iraq, the best digits cost a mint"
Japan's economy grows at 0.5 percent annual pace in Oct-Dec
Host nation for Americas summit withdraws invitation to Maduro over Venezuela's early presidential election
Australian deputy prime minister under pressure to resign
UN experts say political settlement in Libya 'out of reach'
Democrat wins state race in Florida
The Chelsea bomber is sentenced to life in prison. Prosecutors say he tried to radicalize fellow inmates after the bombing.
"To impress a woman, he arrived in a helicopter to take her on a classified mission, officials said. It was a lie."
N.Y. landlord obliterated dozens of graffiti murals. Now he owes the artists $6.75 million.
Summit host yanks Venezuela's invitation over early election
Venezuela and Libya lose UN vote for 3rd time in 3 years
Democrat wins legislative seat in Florida as once-sleepy state races heat up in Trump era
ICE planned to deport a man whose child has leukemia. So he took sanctuary in a church.
The Latest: Wind postpones 2nd Shiffrin Olympic race
'So proud': Parents' views on joint Korea hockey team evolve
Dozens of dolphins stranded in Mexico's Baja California Sur
U.S. airstrike said to kill Russian military contractors in Syria
2nd explosion kills 2 in Bolivian town hit by weekend blast
The Latest: White wins America's 100th Winter Olympics gold
"Asian shares mixed ahead of US inflation, Lunar New Year"
Having multiple airports in one city is great. Until you go to the wrong one.
Gunmen kill 4 paramilitary soldiers in southwest Pakistan
South Africa's ruling party finally turns against Zuma
Israel police recommend corruption charges against Netanyahu
Dutch law to make everyone organ donors unless they opt out
Anonymity-craving winner of lottery wants a do-over on signing her ticket
The very best of the very good dogs are at Westminster's most overlooked event
"Prince Henrik, husband of Danish monarch, dies at age 83"
Philippines objects to China's naming of undersea features
The Latest: Chinese lead Russian skaters after short program
"Denmark palace says queen's husband, Prince Henrik, has died"
The U.S.'s top spies issue a challenge to Trump's agenda
The Latest: Emily Sweeney recovering after scary luge crash
South African police target business family linked to Zuma
Tongans face long wait for services to return after cyclone
"New fronts emerge in Syria as Assad, allies push for victory"
Kuwait's emir says his nation will give $1 billion in loans and $1 billion in direct investments to help rebuild Iraq
Photo essay: Navigating the street market of Pyeongchang
The Latest: Korea vs. Japan hockey match could be intense
Fact-checking Nancy Pelosi's fundraising numbers
Applebee's admits customers were racially profiled
You know those North Korean cheering squads? South Korea has to pay for them.
"'Deep down': Rivalry between Koreas, Japan transcends sport"
The Latest: Shaun White: Sex assault allegations are gossip
The Latest: Netanyahu's lawyer assails Israeli police
"Kuwait to give $2 billion in loans, investments for Iraq"
You know those North Korean cheering squads? South Korea will pay their bills.
"The Latest: Netanyahu shrugs off police, vows to carry on"
Israeli opposition: Netanyahu should quit due to corruption
The Latest: Korea women's hockey team gets 1st Olympic goal
Minnie Driver quits Oxfam after sex in crisis zone scandal
"In Modi's India, journalists face bullying, criminal cases and worse"
"White wins USA's 100th winter gold, gets grilled by media"
Germany pushes for release of journalist in Turkish prison
"At Kuwait conference, Saudi Arabia pledges $1.5 billion to help rebuild Iraq after war with the Islamic State group"
Chinese spokesman says no idea why US feels 'so insecure'
Australian cardinal blames inquiry for sex allegations
"Shaun White refers to sexual misconduct lawsuit as ""gossip"""
"Even if Trump is as smart as he says he is, does it matter? Maybe not."
Germany to fight pollution with free public transportation
VA employees wanted a gender-neutral mission statement. The agency refused.
U.S. and Britain are divided over what to do with captured ISIS fighters
"South Africa's ANC demands Zuma resignation, threatening no-confidence vote"
"Billions pledged for Iraq in Kuwait, but still short of goal"
"The Latest: Dutch skater ter Mors wins 1,000 meters"
The Kuwait-based Arab Fund says Iraq will receive $1.5 billion in infrastructure aid in coming years after war with IS
Polish opposition activist Frasyniuk detained and charged
Award-winning Myanmar reporters appear in court
The Health 202: Planned Parenthood goes on the offensive
The White House's evolving explanations in the Rob Porter scandal are making less and less sense
"New York Times hired, then quickly unhired, writer who tweeted about befriending neo-Nazis"
Teacher who called military 'lowest of our low' explains himself - with little success
US boosts aid to Jordan despite Trump threats of cuts
4 fetuses found in trash at Thai resort town
"'Deep down': Rivalry between Koreas, Japan transcends sports"
The Energy 202: How the Pruitt first-class flight story spun out of control
The Daily 202: A pragmatic Bernie Sanders seeks an immigration compromise to protect 'dreamers'
The Finance 202: Trump dusts off protectionist trade rhetoric
"After winning gold medal, Shaun White faces questions about 2016 sexual harassment suit"
"U.S. boosts aid to Jordan, downplaying its break with Trump over Jerusalem"
Ukrainian opposition leader Saakashvili flies to Netherlands
AP PHOTOS: Highlights of Day 5 at the Winter Olympics
Russia seeks to regulate private military contractors
Pakistan begins seizing charities linked to US-wanted cleric
"Chile sex abuse victim's credibility praised, challenged"
The Latest: Germans repeat as doubles luge gold medalists
"Trump backs GOP immigration plan, rejects limited approach on dreamers"
Save My Care: 'Block Gov. Otter's Attack on Health Care' - Campaign 2018
Trump's lawyer confirmed the Stormy Daniels payment. What's conspicuously absent: Any denial that Trump was involved.
The Kim Jong Un impersonator wanted to meet the North Korean cheerleaders. It didn't go well.
"In South Africa, a defiant Zuma says he has been victimized"
German police look for man allegedly involved in gang rape
The Latest: Syria says it has no chemical weapons
"Airport vehicles collide at London Heathrow; 1 dead, 1 hurt"
The Latest: Shaun White is sorry for 'poor choice of words'
We know that Stormy Daniels got paid. We still don't know if the payment violated the law.
"House Oversight is investigating the White House's handling of Rob Porter, Gowdy says"
Applebee's apologizes to customers who said they were racially profiled
Elite runner who was tortured and fled Ethiopia will reunite with his family in the U.S. - on Valentine's Day
Germany considers free public transportation to fight pollution
Hamid Karzai's dark theories are gaining traction in Afghanistan
Germany considers to fight pollution with free public transportation
Man accused of providing lodging to Paris attackers in 2015 acquitted of harboring terrorists.
How to get cleaner air? Germany considers free mass transit
Banks lead early gains as US stock indexes turn higher
The Latest: Shaun White's Olympic gold a highlight of Day 5
Lions kill suspected poacher in South African wildlife area
The underrecognized damage Trump is doing to the Republican Party
Wray vs. the White House on Porter's background check
Did Trump's lawyer just implicate Trump in the Stormy Daniels payment?
"White House's Rob Porter scandal is now under investigation, House Oversight chair says"
"Veterans Affairs chief Shulkin, staff misled ethics officials about European trip, report finds"
Mulvaney says Trump's military parade would cost between $10 and $30 million
The Health 202: Planned Parenthood goes on the offense
A plane engine fell apart in midair. The passengers were amazing.
Elite runner who was tortured and fled Ethiopia reunites with his family in the U.S. - on Valentine's Day
Horror on Mount Hood as climber slips and falls hundreds of feet to his death
Boris Johnson looks to woo Brexit skeptics with a speech promising glories to come
100 pizzas and counting: German police probe pizza stalker
UK's Boris Johnson seeks to reassure Brexit skeptics
Israeli leader vows to carry on despite corruption charges
Mexico admits government spies tail candidates
NATO chief urges defense budget hike amid command expansion
The Latest: Man acquitted of harboring Paris attackers
Trump: We can find 'common ground' on infrastructure
Trump's recent economic plans could hurt the white working-class voters who backed him
Wray vs. the White House on Porter
"Stabbed and left for dead, a woman named her killers in her final moments, police say"
"Women poorer and hungrier than men across the world, U.N. report says"
Talks to restore Northern Ireland government break down
"Longest-serving Dutch premier, Ruud Lubbers, dies at age 78"
Swiss gov't seeks to bar minors from using tanning salons
"Taliban letter addresses 'American people,' urges talks"
"Ruud Lubbers, who served as Dutch prime minister from 1982 to 1994, dies at age 78"
"Trump's been silent on the flu epidemic, despite the spike in cases"
Pence: 'John Kelly has done a remarkable job as chief of staff'
The Rob Porter scandal engulfing the White House is now under congressional investigation
"Stabbed and left for dead, a teen named her killers in her final moments, police say"
"Israel's Netanyahu may weather corruption allegations for now, but the storm is brewing"
Indonesia's war on the debauched Western atrocity known as Valentine's Day
The Latest: Syrian ambassador rebuffs UN envoy's efforts
Violence during Rio Carnival spotlights security woes
Stocks climb as investors shake off inflation worries
"France: 'Perpetual' house arrest prompts vote, hunger strike"
'Let's talk about Pocahontas': Elizabeth Warren addresses Native heritage claims and slams Trump
Trump friend Hamm expected to be Cramer's finance chair if he launches Senate bid
"NBC tiptoes around sexual misconduct in coverage of Shaun White - and the Olympics, in general"
"This Ethiopian runner was an Olympic hopeful - before he was tortured and fled. Today, he reunited with his family in the U.S."
Taliban appeals to American people to 'rationally' rethink war effort
Should Russia mourn countrymen lost in Syria? The Kremlin pleads ignorance.
Macedonia willing to add name 'qualifier' to satisfy Greece
"French court acquits 1 man, convicts 2 in terror-tied trial"
Frenchman admits killing girl who vanished from Alps wedding
Italy court sends right-to-die case to Constitutional Court
"UN envoy: This time in Syria is dangerous, violent, worrying"
'Let's talk about Pocahontas': Sen. Warren stands by Native heritage claim
"Trump is frustrated with the White House counsel, who walks a fine line serving his boss"
Judge lashes out at 'unacceptable' delays in setting trial of Manafort and Gates in Mueller probe
"Elizabeth Warren's full 'Pocahontas' and Trump speech, annotated"
"Elizabeth Warren makes a bold statement about Trump and 'Pocahontas' - and 2020 too, it seems"
"Amid Rob Porter controversy, Trump declares he's 'totally opposed to domestic violence'"
"Trump backs GOP immigration plan, rejects limited approach on 'dreamers'"
Trump says he is 'totally opposed to domestic violence of any kind' days after aide is accused of abusing his ex-wives
Trump: 'I am totally opposed to domestic violence of any kind'
"'Let's talk about Pocahontas': Warren addresses Native American heritage claims, slams Trump"
Horror on Mount Hood as climber falls hundreds of feet to his death
A prisoner in Peru drugged his twin brother and escaped from jail - to see his mom
North Korean threat could require new missile defenses for western U.S.
Zimbabwe opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai dies at 65
Israel's Netanyahu is no stranger to scandals
"Longest-serving Dutch premier, Ruud Lubbers, dies at 78"
Why the White House timeline on Rob Porter's clearance is questionable
"Elizabeth Warren makes a bold statement about Trump and 'Pocahontas' - and 2020, too, it seems"
White House counsel walks a fine line in serving Trump's demands
Shooting reported at South Florida high school; 20 may be injured
Frederick Douglass needed to see Lincoln. Would the president meet with a former slave?
An immigrant's request: Keep these things in mind when debating immigration reform
Express your love with a science valentine
An immigrant called 911 to report a crime. Police took him to ICE in handcuffs.
Let's be real: Birds are better valentines than whomever you are dating
"Jacob Zuma resigns as South Africa's president, ending standoff with ruling party"
Leaked U.N. climate report sees 'very high risk' the planet will warm beyond key limit
Stocks climb again as investors shake off inflation worries
South African President Zuma resigns in televised address
Swiss govt seeks to bar minors from tanning salons
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma says he will resign 'with immediate effect'
Durbin references Chloe Kim in immigration debate
Why Trump needed to condemn domestic violence in his own words
Sen. Durbin invoked Chloe Kim in his immigration speech. Some took issue with that.
Shooting reported at South Florida high school; several fatalities reported
A top al-Qaeda operative is about to be sentenced for killing U.S. troops 15 years ago in Afghanistan
Leaked U.N. draft report sees 'very high risk' the planet will warm beyond key limit
Egypt arrests Islamist alleging contacts with outlawed group
UN gets report on what Palestinians say is Gaza catastrophe
Puerto Rico suspends $133M post-hurricane housing contract
Amnesty International slams anti-migration bill in Hungary
Activists for disabled fear House bill would gut Americans With Disabilities Act
"Eighteen years of gun violence in U.S. schools, mapped"
Blumenthal: 'Rob Porter was a security risk time bomb'
"Romney prepares to launch Senate bid Thursday, but not as a foil to President Trump"
17 killed in shooting at South Florida high school
"Israel's Netanyahu may weather corruption allegations for now, but a storm is brewing"
"South African President Zuma succumbs to pressure, resigns"
Scandals finally catch up with South Africa's Zuma
