Partial government shutdown assured after lawmakers leave Capitol without budget deal
"GOP breaks with Trump over Syria, Afghanistan and Mattis - but lacks power to stop him"
Pope tells priests guilty of abuse that the church won't shield them
"Afghan leaders put brave face on U.S. withdrawal, but experts are alarmed"
U.S. troop withdrawal from Syria is 'a dream come true for the Iranians'
Jamal Khashoggi's final months as an exile in the long shadow of Saudi Arabia
The Latest: Rights group praises UN Yemen action
"Trump breaks with predecessors, rallies conservatives for government shutdown"
N.C. election board's warnings to local and federal prosecutors about alleged election fraud drew little action
A tumultuous week began with a phone call between Trump and the Turkish president
Violence Against Women Act to expire with government shutdown
"What Ronald Reagan actually said about border security - according to history, not President Trump"
"As Trump battles Congress, federal workers are caught in the middle"
'We don't have to yell': Wolf Blitzer tells Stephen Miller to 'calm down' during border-wall interview
Iran looks to expand its reach across the Middle East amid U.S. exit from Syria
UK police say 2 people arrested for suspected 'criminal use of drones' in Gatwick Airport case
'I had no idea how beautiful the border is': Beto O'Rourke solicits photos of habitats at risk from Trump's wall
Colombia guns down dissident rebel behind press kidnapping
Major parts of the federal government begin shutting down for an indefinite closure
"Nicaraguan authorities raid, shut down critical TV station"
"In major shift, lay Catholics are organizing to push bishops on reform. And sometimes priests join in."
Ivan the Terrible painting sent for auction had been looted from Nazi-occupied Ukraine
Fresh anti-India protests in Kashmir as troops kill 6 rebels
2018 is the deadliest year in a decade in Kashmir. Next year could be worse.
Macron in Chad to meet soldiers amid extremist threats
Gatwick flights operating after 2 arrested for using drone
Somalia blast kills at least 6 near presidential palace
"Suicide car bombing near Somalia's presidential palace kills at least 6, police say; several wounded"
Africa in 2018: An extraordinary peace blooms amid crises
Yellow vest movement abates at start of winter holidays
Spain awaits the results of 'The Fat One' Christmas lottery
"Iran says US presence in Syria damaged peace, security"
4 stowaways arrested as ship incident resolved in England
Respite in Paris as yellow vest movement abates
A New York Times columnist started a big argument on meritocracy. Here&#8217;s a better way to debate the issue.
Trump's focus on an Army murder case highlights a divided nation still at war
Russia shuts down Soviet-built nuclear reactor
AP PHOTOS: Happy holidays? Not in Zimbabwe's economic crisis
4 stowaways detained as ship incident resolved in England
Should I run for president? And please pour some eggnog.
Spain gripped by its annual Christmas lottery fever
Pakistan praises plan for US troop withdrawal in Afghanistan
Somalia blast kills at least 16 near presidential palace
Pope's expands efforts to help needy with health station
9 Russian miners trapped by salt mine fire
"Sudan protests resume for 4th day over prices, shortages"
"Facebook suspends five accounts, including social media researcher, for misleading tactics in Alabama election"
This teacher's post about a gift from a student with 'nothing to give' went viral
A wildfire wiped out their Christmas tree farm and livelihood. Now they wonder what to do next.
He's locked up for life after murdering his wife and children. So why do women send him love letters?
2018 was the deadliest year in a decade in Kashmir. Next year could be worse.
China's hottest new read: 'On Protracted War' by Mao - with a Trump-era twist
Official: Strasbourg market gunman pledged allegiance to IS
El Gordo fever: Spain enthralled by annual Christmas lottery
"Facebook suspends five accounts, including that of a social media researcher, for misleading tactics in Alabama election"
UN team arrives in Yemen to monitor port city cease-fire
"Japan emperor marks last birthday on throne, prays for peace"
Canada: Detention of Canadians in China a worrying precedent
Ukraine's leader orders Orthodox Church to change its name
Guyana government falls in no-confidence vote
Canada to embark on campaign to win release of citizens
"Trump silent on Russian efforts to influence African Americans, millennials and other left-leaning groups"
Mattis's blunt resignation letter puts Republicans on notice
U.S. envoy to coalition fighting ISIS resigns in protest of Trump's Syria decision
"Aid ship with 311 migrants ignored by Italy, heads to Spain"
"What happens when the government shuts down: Late paychecks, closed museums and more"
U. S. envoy to coalition fighting ISIS resigns in protest of Trump's Syria decision
"Cash, emeralds found in Brazil faith healer's home"
Gatwick flights resume; UK police question 2 drone suspects
Syria sends reinforcements east after Trump's pullout plan
"'This is tyranny of talk radio hosts, right?': Limbaugh and Coulter blamed for Trump's shutdown"
South African musician plays guitar during brain surgery
"Romanians mark 1989 revolt, reject government's amnesty plan"
Canadian analyst held in China is kept in a cell with lights always on
Nicaragua news director accused of terror after station raid
Respite in Paris; Fewer protesters take to the streets
Moroccans hold anti-terror vigil for slain Nordic hikers
"Shutdown to stretch on until at least Thursday as Senate adjourns with no deal over budget, Trump's border wall"
Laura Ingraham taunted David Hogg over college rejections. He just said he got into Harvard.
"Daily exercise, even just a brisk walk, has been shown to lower blood pressure"
'Apollo's Daring Mission' explores troubles and triumph of the first manned mission to orbit the moon
Woman who donated her body becomes world's most detailed virtual cadaver
"'Is there a Santa Claus?': How a child's letter inspired the classic 'Yes, Virginia' response"
Treatment or torment? Some knee replacements fail to solve chronic pain.
"During pregnancy, anxiety can spike. Music therapy may help."
A popular journalist fled danger in Somalia. He returned home and was killed.
ExxonMobil ship approached by Venezuelan navy off Guyana
Pope expands efforts to help needy with a health station
Former Lib Democrat leader Paddy Ashdown has died at 77
'A rogue presidency': The era of containing Trump is over
That porch pirate glitter bomb brought Christmas schadenfreude to millions. Some of it was staged.
Trump's focus on Army murder case highlights divided nation still at war
"Hundreds of migrant families arrive at remote border crossings, overwhelming U.S. agents"
Former Liberal Democrat leader Paddy Ashdown has died at 77
"Amid government shutdown, a host of bigger worries"
Violence Against Women Act expires with government shutdown
Greyhound tells passengers how to push back when Border Patrol comes on board
Cuban assembly approves draft of new constitution
