Democrats' view of Kavanaugh shaped by bitter 2004 hearing
"A dying mother wrote her children letters, leaving a gift of love for years"
Firefighters battle massive blaze at esteemed Rio museum
"As MeToo unnerves China, a student fights to tell her story"
"Asian Games stir Indonesia's pride, boost Jokowi's campaign"
Fire engulfs 200-year-old National Museum of Brazil
Firefighters battle massive blaze at 200-year-old Rio museum
Duterte in Israel for first visit by a Philippines president
Myanmar judge sentences Reuters journalists to 7 years in prison
Myanmar court sentences Reuters reporters to 7 years in jail
Elderly Peru couple buries son decades after disappearance
Myanmar court sentence 2 Reuters reporters to 7 years in prison in official secrets case
The Latest: US calls Myanmar court ruling 'deeply troubling'
"Israeli assigned top general's number got his texts, calls"
UN court hears case over strategic Indian Ocean islands
Thousands expected to German concert against far right
German court convicts migrant of murdering ex-girlfriend
The Latest: British envoy says Myanmar case hurt rule of law
Malaysian Muslim lesbian couple caned in public punishment
UAE names 2 astronauts to go to International Space Station
Iraq's new parliament meets as rival blocs vie for majority
Libyan police say 400 prisoners escape amid Tripoli clashes
Chinese anger grows as 'get rich quick' investment schemes go bust
Israeli farmers to file war crimes complaint against Hamas
Iran FM to meet with Assad as Syria showdown looms
Netanyahu warmly welcomes Philippines' Duterte to Israel
Top diplomat calls for greater EU role amid global chaos
First day of kindergarten? Chinese school welcomes kids with a pole dancer
Pope's remedy to those seeking scandal: prayer and silence
Rosie the Riveter isn't who you think she is
Texas doctor says gender pay gap is fair because 'women don't work as hard'
Chinese billionaire leaves U.S. after arrest on suspicion of sexual assault
The searing photos that helped end child labor in America
George Washington&#8217;s Supreme Court nominees were confirmed in two days. Only half showed up to work on time.
Lab-grown brain bits open windows to the mind - and a maze of ethical dilemmas
"UNRWA head rejects U.S. criticisms, says refugee agency for Palestinians will survive"
Chinese billionaire leaves the U.S. despite arrest on suspicion of sexual assault
Germany says Amsterdam stabbing suspect is asylum-seeker
Tariff fight adds to China's economic challenges
Iran FM says 'terrorists must be purged' from Syria's Idlib
China's JD.com: founder returns to Beijing after US arrest
The 'Trump effect': How a norm-scrambling presidency is changing the way one S.C. subdivision talks about race
Here's what we know about CRISPR safety - and reports of 'genome vandalism'
A doctor said the gender pay gap is fair because women in medicine 'don't work as hard.' He apologized.
"U.N. agency head rejects U.S. criticisms, says refugee agency for Palestinians will survive"
All of Africa is now competing for Chinese money. Except for one country.
Argentina cuts various ministries amid economic turmoil
German government: Chemnitz protesters should shun neo-Nazis
"Argentina's President Mauricio Macri announces more taxes, elimination of several ministries amid economic turmoil."
'A lobotomy of the Brazilian memory': Devastating fire destroys Rio's National Museum
The Latest: Brazilians mourn museum destroyed in fire
The Latest: UN human rights chief: Myanmar ruling shocking
11 killed in suspected communal violence in central Nigeria
Trump criticizes union leader on Labor Day: 'It is easy to see why unions are doing so poorly'
Tropical Storm Gordon forms over the southern tip of Florida
Why John McCain is buried in Annapolis instead of Arlington National Cemetery
"Tropical Storm Gordon formed, and it&#8217;s heading into the Gulf of Mexico. Here&#8217;s the forecast."
An 'incalculable' loss: Priceless artifacts are feared lost as Brazilian museum goes up in flames
"China pledges $60 billion in aid and loans to Africa, 'no strings attached'"
The Latest: Brazil police fire tear gas at crowd near museum
Duterte calls Hitler 'insane' at Holocaust memorial
8 questions for the midterm elections: A blue wave or not?
U.S. service member dies in apparent insider attack in Afghanistan
"Uganda opposition pop star says soldiers beat, tortured him"
The Latest: Brazil museum official says risks were known
8 killed in munitions depot blast in South Africa
South African authorities say 8 killed in explosion at munitions plant near Cape Town
Cyprus police intercept 36 Syrian migrants aboard boat
Who is Brett Kavanaugh?
Israeli troops kill Palestinian assailant in West Bank
Duterte calls Hitler 'insane' at Israeli Holocaust memorial
Israeli general's text messages misfired to old number
German authorities take aim at far-right party's youth wing
"US service member killed in Afghanistan, 6th this year"
Vladimir Putin is now a reality TV star
"China pledges $60 billion in aid and loans to Africa, no 'political conditions attached'"
"Mexican president blames state, local police for crime surge"
The Latest: Brazil museum turned to crowdfunding this year
"Argentina announces new taxes, ministry cuts amid turmoil"
German police say American suspected of killing partner
"Amid illiberal revolution in Hungary, a university with U.S. roots fights to stay"
3 charged with murder of Missouri woman in Belize
'Two easy wins now in doubt': Trump renews attack on Sessions
"Who is Brett Kavanaugh, President Trump's pick for Supreme Court?"
Researchers say they felt pressed by federal wildlife officials to bury risk to endangered beetle
"Head of Palestinian refugee agency rejects U.S. criticism, says his group will survive"
"Head of Palestinian refugee agency rejects U.S. criticism, says his organization will survive"
Maduro buys gold to boost savings amid five-digit inflation
The Latest: US ambassador condemns reporter convictions
Suspect in stabbing of Americans believes Dutch insult Islam
Researchers say they felt pressed by wildlife officials to bury risk to endangered beetle
"As crisis envelops Catholic Church, is Pope Francis facing a 'watershed moment'?"
Burned National Museum in Rio had relics from around world
Firefighters going through burned-out National Museum
Philippines extricates warship from South China Sea shoal
