Trump's fluid approach to national and economic security is leaving his allies baffled
Violence returns to anti-government protests in Nicaragua
Guatemala judge orders house arrest for jailed Russian man
"EU wants new Venezuela election, prepares more sanctions"
The ex-Playmate and the Latin American political operative: An untold episode in the push to profit from an alleged affair with Trump
"Study: Carcinogens in regular cigarettes are in e-cigarettes, too"
US team negotiating with North Korea leaves Seoul hotel
Australia holds hope MH370 will be found as last search ends
South Korean media say top North Korean official seen by AP Television at Beijing airport is going to Washington
"Officials: Afghan forces mistakenly kill 9, mostly civilians"
"Asian markets track European losses, strong yen hits Nikkei"
"With Brazil's da Silva in jail, his region's vote in doubt"
Top North Korean official believed to be on his way to the U.S. for meetings
Italy's thwarted populists may have their revenge on Europe
The Latest: Senior North Korean reportedly heading to US
South Korean media say top North Korean official seen by AP Television in Beijing changed his flight to go to New York
Rights group: Israeli banks help with settlement building
Analysis: North Korea sees US economic handouts as threat
The dubious statistic getting the DHS secretary in trouble with President Trump
Paris conference seeks political roadmap for lawless Libya
Leader of failed MH370 wreckage hunt hopes to search again
"Wind storm in India damages homes, leaves at least 10 dead"
Report: Students harshly criticize Iran to supreme leader
Investor confidence in Italy plunges on uncertainty
"Diplomacy heats up before summit, with trips by US, N. Korea"
African nations are fed up with the West's hand-me-downs. But it's tough to keep them out.
Israeli military: More than 25 mortar shells fired from Gaza
Killer of Dutch politician Fortuyn freed from parole order
Belgian media say 2 police officers shot dead during hostage situation in eastern city of Liege
Portugal's parliament debates whether to allow euthanasia
Q&#038;A for federal workers: Federal vs. contractor workforces
"Four-year search for MH370 to end, leaving an unsolved mystery"
"Ireland just eased its tough abortion laws, but don't count on Northern Ireland following suit"
Rights group: Syria's new property law discourages return
Gunman kills 3 in Belgian city before being shot dead
The Latest: Israeli jets bomb Gaza after shells from strip
The Latest: Official: Attacker killed in Belgium shooting
Doctors say future uncertain for poisoned Skripals
Trump says investigation of 2016 election interference is now interfering with 2018 elections
Should the U.S. worry about meddling in Mexico's July presidential race?
"Freed from Guantanamo, former U.S. prisoners disappear from view overseas"
Top North Korean official on his way to U.S. for talks on Trump-Kim summit
The Latest: Belgium shooting: Gunman disarmed police
The Latest: Libyan rivals agree country to hold vote Dec. 10
Senior N.Korean official's US visit reminiscent of 2000 trip
"Prosecutor in Belgian city of Liege says attacker disarmed police, used their weapons in shooting rampage"
The Health 202: Conservative activists aren't giving up their Obamacare repeal dream
The Energy 202: Arnold Schwarzenegger calls Scott Pruitt 'worst environmental secretary that we have ever had'
The Finance 202: Trump risks repeating Bush controversy with ZTE deal
How the assassinations of 1968 led the NRA to become the lobbying force it is today
The Cybersecurity 202: Lawmakers worry Amazon's facial recognition tech could reinforce racial profiling
"Starbucks to close 8,000 stores this afternoon for unconscious bias training"
"Four-year search for Flight 370 to end, leaving a mystery"
The Latest: France's Macron lauds Libyan rivals' agreement
Man kills 3 in Belgian city after seizing police weapons
"French President Emmanuel Macron lauds agreement between rival Libyan leaders as ""crucial step"" for the country"
Japan navy spots suspected China ship next to NKorea tanker
"No, Republicans aren't 'taking the lead in polls'"
"The Daily 202: As alcoholism fells another congressman, a reminder that no one is immune to addiction"
Mitt Romney: I wouldn't point to Trump as 'a role model for my grandkids'
Libyan rivals agree to Dec. 10 elections in lawless country
Canada's government says it will buy controversial Trans Mountain pipeline to ensure it gets built
Pompeii: New find shows man crushed trying to flee eruption
Nigeria's leader to lower age limits for elected officials
Italian concerns stalk global stock markets and hurt euro
Supreme Court won't take up challenge to restrictive Arkansas abortion law
"Tensions rise as Gaza militants fire more than 50 mortars, rockets into Israel"
3 killed in Belgium in suspected terrorist attack
Portugal's parliament to vote on bills legalizing euthanasia
Another euro crisis? Italian chaos reawakens concerns
"Germany, Turkey mark 25th anniversary of racist attack"
Rwanda defends $39 million sponsorship deal with Arsenal
The Latest: UN envoy hails progress in Libyan talks
Israeli jets bomb Gaza after mortar shells fired from strip
Breaking down Trump's new conspiracy theory that Mueller's team will meddle in the midterms
Trump once favorably compared Puerto Rico's death toll to Katrina's. A study now says twice as many died in Puerto Rico.
"Loud music at restaurants could be leading you to order burgers over salads, study says"
Abramovich is latest Russian oligarch to move to Israel
The Latest: 2 Belgian officers killed were women
Police chief in Belgian city of Liege says attacker's motive was to 'target the police'
Kenya charges 1st officials in sweeping corruption probe
"President Trump, your source for breaking news about North Korea"
Roseanne Barr's racist Twitter remark undercuts the Americans she tried to lift up on her show
How far back do the threads of the investigation into Trump and Russia actually go?
Trump's comparison of Hurricane Katrina's and Puerto Rico's death tolls just backfired
"At night, she suffered through searing pain. By morning, it mysteriously vanished."
"After over a decade at Guantanamo, these men were supposed to go free. Instead, they're locked in a secretive center in the UAE."
"Defying U.S. sanctions, Chechnya has created its own version of Instagram. Its strongman leader is a fan."
Pompeo to push to defend religious minorities around the world
A senior Japanese official says raising toddlers is not a dad's job
1 suspect in Canada restaurant bombing may be female
Health officials 'cautiously optimistic' on Ebola response
France to beef up emergency alert system on social media
Lebanon to begin offshore oil exploration
Two journalists covering storm die after tree falls on their vehicle in North Carolina
"At age 114, this South African man thinks it's time to quit smoking"
How a Russian ex-spy was saved from one of the deadliest nerve agents ever made
Man kills 3 in Belgium with guns of stabbed police officers
The Latest: Portugal's parliament rejects legal euthanasia
The Latest: Belgian PM slayings probed as terror for now
Ethiopia drops charges against 2 US-based broadcasters
Financial turmoil engulfs Italy amid political uncertainty
Global stocks slump amid Italian political turmoil
Here's the game Kellyanne Conway and the Trump team are playing on 'collusion'
The unanswerable question: How many deaths in Puerto Rico were preventable?
Trump favorably compared Puerto Rico's death toll to Hurricane Katrina. A study now says twice as many died in Puerto Rico.
Rejected asylum-seeker sets himself on fire in German town
Portugal's parliament rejects bills legalizing euthanasia
Giuliani says Trump won't sit for Mueller interview unless all 'spygate' documents can be reviewed
'Active Shooter' video game lets players shoot up a school. Parkland parents are horrified.
93-year-old World War II vet finally gets high school diploma
A televangelist wants his followers to pay for a $54 million private jet. It's his fourth plane.
A Florida teacher drowned wild raccoons with his students' help. Here's why he won't be charged.
NASA astronaut reveals the lows of space travel: packing poop with her hand
Courts halt DeVos's partial student debt relief plan
Our graduates should answer cynicism and insults with inquiry and reflection
How a Russian ex-spy and his daughter were saved from one of the deadliest nerve agents ever made
"After years at Guantanamo, these men were supposed to go free. Now they're locked up in the UAE."
"Tensions rise as Gaza militants fire more than 70 mortars, rockets into Israel"
The government that's banning its citizens from Facebook for a month
Russian journalist shot and killed in Ukrainian capital
Police in the capital of Ukraine say a Russian journalist has been shot and killed at his Kiev apartment
Hungarian govt looks to Constitution to keep immigrants out
Italian turmoil batters stocks; Dow plunges 500 points
"Gaza militants strike Israel, drawing Israeli retaliation"
The four GOP-held seats that could decide control of the Senate
Bad tweet watch: Staffing polling places with ICE makes literally zero sense
Giuliani says Trump won't sit for Mueller interview unless all FBI informant documents can be reviewed
'Tornado timeout' delays baseball game when dust devil sweeps across field
"Leaping from winter to summer in just weeks, the Midwest is sweltering"
Canadian government to buy troubled Trans Mountain pipeline
"Italian turmoil hits global markets, sending stocks plunging"
Study estimates higher death toll in Puerto Rico post-Maria
The Latest: US seeks urgent UN meeting on Gaza rocket attack
Kenya charges 24 officials in sweeping $79M corruption probe
Embattled Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens says he will resign
Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens resigns amid allegations of sexual misconduct and campaign fundraising violations
How Roseanne Barr illuminates the media debate over Trump and 'lies'
Special counsel Mueller initiates sentencing process for 2nd cooperating defendant
Giuliani says Trump won't sit for Mueller interview unless all FBI source documents can be reviewed
93-year-old World War II veteran finally gets high school diploma
Defense contractor Inchcape Shipping Services to pay $20 million to settle fraud case over charges to Navy
These bugs' babies get eaten by birds but it might be for their own good
Conservative outrage after anti-Muslim campaigner Tommy Robinson secretly jailed in Britain
Mexican reporter killed in northern border state
"Inmate on leave kills 3 in Belgium, setting off terror probe"
UN urges Syria to allow aid to 2 million in desperate need
"Trump's orders show unwavering attack on federal unions, employees"
Supreme Court says warrants needed to search vehicles on private property
Are American kids happy in school? New data tells a surprising story.
Top North Korean official on his way to U.S. amid frenzied talks to salvage Trump-Kim summit
The Latest: Belgian officer's killing orphans twin daughters
'The carnival ride': Trump's renewed fixation on a June 12 summit date sends officials scrambling
Study: Christians in west Europe less tolerant of immigrants
