'Crime will fall!': Trump's new rallying cry for border wall echoes old strategy of inflating dangers posed by immigrants
"Iranian journalist Marzieh Hashemi released from U.S. custody, completes testimony to grand jury"
"Rep. Luria, Virginia Democrat, urges Pelosi to offer Trump a vote on border security funding"
"More than 10,000 migrants request visas as caravan hits Mexico"
NKorea: Kim orders preparation for 2nd summit with US
The Latest: Venezuela's Guaido expresses gratitude to Trump
"Federal workers affected by partial shutdown to be billed for dental, vision coverage"
Senators hope defeat of dueling plans produces a solution to shutdown
'Master negotiator' or 'nonentity'? Kushner thrusts himself into middle of shutdown talks.
Pelosi tells Trump: No State of the Union address in the House until government is reopened
U.S. to defy Venezuelan order for American diplomats to leave Caracas in 72 hours
Thailand sets March election date after 5-year military rule
Family of slain Mongolian seeks answers in Malaysia lawsuit
The Latest: US to ignore Maduro order to remove diplomats
White House seeks list of programs that would be hurt if shutdown lasts into March
'Will work for pay': Furloughed federal workers stage sit-in outside senators' offices; 12 arrested
Spokesman for former Jakarta governor who was imprisoned for blasphemy says he was released early Thursday
"The Latest: Mexico, Uruguay urge calm in Venezuela crisis"
North Korea says Kim ordered preparations for 2nd Trump meet
Australia urges China to treat detained dual citizen fairly
The Covington students and the calculated art of making people uncomfortable
White supremacist pleads guilty to killing a black man with a sword in New York
Former interpreters for U.S. troops wait out the State Department - and the Taliban - as visas decline
Governor convicted of blasphemy freed from Indonesian prison
The Latest: Venezuelan lawyers seeking protection for Guaido
Nurse charged with sexual assault after woman in incapacitated state gave birth
Death toll from Indonesian floods and landslides rises to 26
North Korea says Kim orders preparations for 2nd Trump meet
Australia urges China to treat detained writer fairly
Venezuela crisis looms over pope's Central America visit
Showdown in Venezuela as US backs Maduro rival's power claim
Venezuela's Guaido leaps from back-bench to center stage
Davos confronts the shadow of Trumpism
Uncharted waters: Scientists to explore Indian Ocean depths
Amnesty criticizes Iran's mass arrests as US frees reporter
"In Iran, parched lands hollowed by water pumping now sinking"
Indonesian in North Korea trial wins appeal for statements
Ocasio-Cortez's misfired facts on living wage and minimum wage
Alleged cocaine smuggler appears in Australian court
French finance minister says that Carlos Ghosn has resigned as head of Renault
The Latest: Russian officials condemn Venezuela protests
Malaysian royals pick Pahang sultan as new king
Indonesian Christian politician held on blasphemy charges released from jail
Maduro faces off with US over Venezuela rival's power claim
"The Latest: Sweden, Denmark back Venezuela opposition leader"
Brexit and Venezuela set to feature heavily in Davos
Ukrainian court finds ex-president guilty of treason
The Latest: China says holding writer on security charge
Search resumes for plane carrying Argentine soccer player
Trump wants a safe zone in Syria. Is that even possible?
China confirms Australian writer Yang Hengjun under investigation for endangering national security
Europe court orders Italy to pay damages to Amanda Knox
"3 more miners die in Ghana accident, bringing toll to 16"
"European court orders Italy to pay Amanda Knox damages for failure to provide lawyer, translator during 2007 questioning"
"Angola decriminalizes same-sex conduct, rights group says"
Top Pakistani court sets date for hearing on Christian woman
Congo set to inaugurate new president from opposition
Power Up: Here's why Trump isn't budging on his border wall
Trump plans to meet with Kim Jong Un next month. Here&#8217;s what not to expect.
China confirms detention of Australian writer Yang Hengjun on suspicion of endangering national security
"Trying to translate Trump into Chinese, one tweet at a time"
The Latest: France's Macron: Maduro's election illegitimate
"Reports: Former Scottish leader Salmond arrested, charged"
Cypriots 'vindicated' after UK settlement of torture claims
Trump's challenge to Venezuela's president could lead to a military occupation. Here's why - and why that's dangerous.
The Health 202: The Trump administration is working on Medicaid block grants
Many Americans think that climate change deniers 'get what they deserve' when disasters strike
Australian city Adelaide sets new national heat record
"Renault's board names Jean-Dominique Senard as chairman, Renault executive Thierry Bollore as CEO"
Man in Sweden announces apparent murder-suicide on Facebook
EU launches action against Austria over child benefits move
Macedonia deal: Greek protesters reach Acropolis before vote
Shutdown showdown: Senate prepares to vote on competing bills after Trump agrees to postpone State of the Union speech
Nancy Pelosi flexes her muscle over Trump
The Cybersecurity 202: Congress is finally embracing bug bounties. Will it backfire?
The Finance 202: Economists worry 'zero growth' may be reality as shutdown drags on
"'Trump will handle this': Florida man tried to force Iraqi family out of his neighborhood, police say"
'It's like the real-life Hunger Games in America:' Shutdown threatens HUD's protections for vulnerable
"Jayme Closs will receive $25,000 in reward money after kidnapped teen freed herself"
A metal bassist died after a brutal beating. Police say his killer may have accidentally streamed it on Facebook.
Diocese of Covington evacuated after reports of suspicious package
"A tough-talking, pro-Trump sheriff implores Obama and Bush: 'America needs your help'"
Building in India collapses as workers add floor; 6 dead
The Latest: Congo's Tshisekedi sworn in as new president
Congo's new President Felix Tshisekedi sworn into office; country's first peaceful transfer of power since independence
The Latest: At least 12 reported dead in Venezuela unrest
"Bomb explodes in Syrian capital, damage but no fatalities"
Macedonia deal: police deploy ahead of Greek parliament vote
The Energy 202: Polluters paid far less in civil penalties under Trump's EPA. Here are the numbers.
"The Technology 202: Workers in heartland states most at risk of losing jobs to AI, new study finds"
Many Americans think that climate-change deniers 'get what they deserve' when disasters strike
She asked him not to wear his Trump shirt at her gym. It caused an uproar.
"Civil penalties for polluters dropped dramatically in Trump's first two years, analysis shows"
Venezuela and U.S. locked in tense standoff as Russia warns against American 'intervention'
Russia spent billions to build influence in Venezuela. Now it faces a bet gone bad.
Felix Tshisekedi's improbable inauguration leaves Congo in a confused daze
Official: Israel to allow Qatari payment to Hamas
The Latest: Congo's new leader vows to combat corruption
Sweden: Russian military planes briefly violated airspace
German man survives ride between 2 train cars at 125 mph
Congo's new President Felix Tshisekedi says he soon will release all political prisoners in the country
When is Trump going to realize he isn't convincing anybody on the wall?
The Daily 202: An unintended consequence? Shutdown highlights the importance and value of government.
Russia invested billions in Venezuela. Now it faces a bet gone bad.
Scientists find deadly Ebola virus for first time in West African bat
Search ends for plane carrying Argentine soccer player
Former Scottish leader Salmond charged with attempted rape
Greece: Parliament speaker's office says vote on Macedonia name deal delayed to Friday in order to extend debate time
North Korea's leader orders preparations for 2nd Trump meet
Trump is angry the media isn't reporting on ... population growth
Trump officials keep showing they have no idea what it's like to live in the real world
Blazers fans may have been exposed to measles during game in Portland
"Florida man tried to force Iraqi family out of neighborhood, police say"
"Nathan Phillips, man at center of standoff with Covington teens, misrepresented his military history"
"Alex Salmond, former leader of Scotland, charged with attempted rape"
Sudan gripped again by a day of anti-al-Bashir protests
"US no longer announcing deaths, damage in Somalia airstrikes"
"French emergency plan to boost purchasing power, study shows"
"Pope in Panama blasts corruption, avoids Venezuela crisis"
"Ex-Trump fixer Michael Cohen subpoenaed by Senate committee, lawyer says"
Back pay for furloughed federal employees to include add-ons
"Ex-Trump fixer Michael Cohen subpoenaed by Senate committee, lawyer says, a day after Cohen sought to back out of House testimony"
Venezeula has two options to hit back at the U.S.: oil and people
"Search ends for plane, angering soccer player Sala's family"
"Sri Lankans demand justice for slain, abducted journalists"
Spain: Rescuers lowered down shaft to reach trapped toddler
Ukrainian court convicts ex-president of treason
Nurse accused of getting patient pregnant was Christian rapper who wanted to inspire youth
Third Kentucky bishop apologizes for Covington Catholic high school students
Venezuela's crisis: How did it get so bad?
Venezuela's oil gives Maduro little leverage against the United States
The Latest: Putin calls Venezuela's Maduro to offer support
"Russian bill seeks to punish insulting state symbols, govt"
Openly gay Brazil congressman leaves job amid death threats
Amnesty says Egypt detained 113 in 2018 for their views
Venezuela crisis: Familiar geopolitical sides take shape
The 'perfect storm' keeping struggling federal workers from accepting help
What Wilbur Ross and the Trump team's tone-deaf shutdown comments really say
"As it stands, the Democratic 2020 field is by far the most diverse in history"
The Latest: US wants Security Council meeting on Venezuela
Thousands protest as Greek lawmakers debate Macedonia deal
Afghan official says airstrike kills 16 civilians
Italy: Anti-terrorism unit probes threat against Salvini
UN: Poor enforcement of laws worsens environmental threats
Shutdown showdown: Senate votes down two bills to end shutdown after Trump agrees to postpone State of the Union
Sen. Michael Bennet slams Ted Cruz for 'crocodile tears' over the shutdown
"To Wilbur Ross, saving 3,000 coal jobs is essential - but 800,000 government workers are a blip"
"Bluster, bombast, backing down: What happens when someone says no to Trump?"
Republican Sen. Joni Ernst says she is a survivor of sexual assault
Nurse accused of getting patient pregnant was Christian rapper who wanted to inspire young people
"Authorities still don't know why a man opened fire in a Florida bank, killing five"
"A man opened fire in a Florida bank, killing five. Authorities still don't know why."
Brazil's leader has been called 'Trump of the Tropics.' He discusses women and Venezuela with The Post.
"Venezuela's Maduro says he will withdraw embassy, consulate staff from Washington and other U.S. cities"
U.S. diplomats in Venezuela come under pressure as standoff continues
Death toll in Mexico pipeline fire nears 100
The Latest: Maduro orders Venezuelan diplomats out of US
Maduro orders all Venezuelan diplomats home from the United States
Congo's surprise new leader in 1st peaceful power transfer
Florida secretary of state resigns over blackface photos
Trump just lost a lot of leverage in the shutdown
Competing plans to reopen government fall short in Senate
Trump just lost key leverage in the shutdown
"Federal workers affected by shutdown get extension before being billed for dental, vision coverage"
Diocese of Covington offices reopen after reports of suspicious package
A Canadian company is accused of human rights abuses overseas. Can it be sued in Canada?
"Troops, Shiite rebels clash near contested Yemeni port city"
The Latest: Rioters taunt Greek police at Macedonia protest
"Witness in special counsel probe, former Stone associate, collected payments from Infowars through job Stone arranged"
Park Service gets second Martin Luther King Jr. home in Atlanta
"Venezuela's Maduro says he will withdraw embassy, consulate staff from Washington, other U.S. cities"
Analysis: Russia invested billions in Venezuela. Now it faces a bet gone bad.
Canada's ambassador to China says he regrets comments
Puerto Rico suspends utility bills to help federal workers
Maduro orders US diplomats out of US as crisis grows
"Koch network tells donors it plans to stay out of 2020 race, once again declining to back Trump"
"Trump administration gives employees affected by shutdown two more weeks before they'll be billed for dental, vision coverage"
The Trailer: Why no one is treating Biden like a front runner
Calif. fire officials find PGandE not responsible for deadly Tubbs Fire
Wilbur Ross says furloughed workers should take out a loan. His agency's own credit union is charging nearly 9 percent
Can Macron's 'grand debates' address yellow vest concerns in France?
"Perspective: Brazil's populist new president on women, Venezuela and his love for Trump"
U.S. 'at the ready' to protect its embattled diplomats in Venezuela
The Latest: Pope urged to 'pray for Venezuela' amid crisis
Canada's ambassador to China says he misspoke
Refugee group: Use frozen billions to aid millions displaced
The Latest: US orders some diplomats out of Venezuela
