"Ethics officials questioned shifting explanations on Trump's reimbursement to Michael Cohen for hush-money payment, House Oversight chairman says"
'A tremendous job ': Trump uses border announcement to defend his presidency
"Entire families of asylum seekers are being returned to Mexico, leaving them in limbo"
Graham: US should be stronger on Canadians detained in China
Trump declares national emergency on southern border in bid to build wall
'A recipe for disaster'? Trump's border emergency drags the GOP into a risky fight ahead of 2020.
Trump is 'most excited' about death penalty for drug dealers. Rights groups say it's a terrible idea.
Pompeo stresses importance of U.S. friends after Pence blasted key allies
U.S. to fly humanitarian aid to Colombia with aim of helping Venezuelans
How President Trump came to declare a national emergency to fund his border wall
An emergency of the moment may set precedent for the ages
'Everybody suffers too much:' Nigeria to head to the polls
9/11 victim fund will cut payouts by up to 70% as claims surge
Man who had 3-D-printed gun and lawmaker 'hit list' gets prison term
High school apologizes after students taunt basketball star with blackface-like images
"Hours before polls were to open, Nigeria delays presidential election until Feb. 23 over unspecified 'challenges'"
Nigeria delays election until Feb. 23 over 'challenges'
"Explosive device found, disarmed in Mexican mall"
Nigeria's electoral commission delays presidential election until Feb. 23 over 'challenges'
Nigeria delays presidential election until Feb. 23 over unspecified 'challenges'
Conservatives can't stop obsessing over Ocasio-Cortez. Their latest target: her boyfriend.
Saudi crown prince delays visit to Pakistan by a day
9/11 victim fund will cut payouts by up to 70 percent as claims surge
"Nigerians wake to find a delayed election, with some angry"
Iran threatens retaliation over car bombing that killed 27
AP Explains: What are India's options after Kashmir attack
Ex-cardinal McCarrick defrocked by Vatican for sexual abuse
Vatican defrocks former US cardinal McCarrick over sex abuse
"The Latest: EU says current agreement is ""best possible"""
France: Syrian suspect accused of crimes against humanity
"Pope defrocks ex-cardinal Theodore McCarrick for sex abuse, punishing the U.S. churchman on eve of crisis summit"
Merkel urges China to join disarmament efforts
AP Interview: Karzai worries Pakistan talks risks peace pact
US-backed fighters squeezing IS gunmen in eastern Syria
AP Explains: What are India's options after Kashmir attack?
N.C. election officials will consider fate of congressional seat at Monday hearing
Democrats on 'reassurance tour' for European allies worried about Trump
Nigerians - from the president to the pepper farmer - shocked by last-minute election postponement
Venezuela's Maduro still has a diplomatic lifeline - and it's in the heart of New York City
Lipstick in kindergarten? South Korea's K-beauty industry now aims for the super young.
The Latest: Pence continues to criticize Europe over Iran
"Merkel defends Iran stance, urges China to join arms talks"
Clashes with police in Albanian opposition rally
"The Latest: Holdener leads by 0.11 in slalom, Shiffrin 3rd"
Nigeria delays its election; candidates rush back to capital
The Latest: China defends Huawei from US security fears
AP Interview: Karzai worries Pakistan talks risk peace pact
Egypt says deadly extremist attack hits Sinai checkpoint
"The Latest: McCarrick's victim sad, but glad he was believed"
Trump's declaration of national emergency faces political and legal challenges
Doggy massages and canine cheesecake: A reporter unleashed among Japan's pampered pooches
South African activists try to protect endangered pangolins
Retired Indian general urges caution against Pakistan strike
Opposition supporters clash with police in Albania
"Merkel defends Iran deal, multilateralism but Pence resists"
The Latest: Accountability group wonders what Francis knew
The Latest: Shiffrin 'ran out of oxygen' in gold-medal run
"Scattered yellow vest protests against Macron, anti-Semitism"
"In declaring a national emergency, Trump reminds Republicans: It's all about him"
White House press secretary Sarah Sanders joins list of those interviewed by Mueller team
Danish woman nominated to head UN Environment Program
Hezbollah denies US charges it has cells in Venezuela
High-speed train in Germany evacuated after pistol is found
Nigeria's candidates blame each other in surprise vote delay
"The Latest: Serbia, Kosovo trade barbs over strained ties"
8 miners rescued in Zimbabwe; dozens more feared dead
Pence urges E.U. to denounce Maduro and recognize Guaido as Venezuela's leader
"As dollar stores move into cities, some say they are not just a response to poverty - but a cause"
Why Donald Trump Jr.'s 'loser teachers' comment was 'a chilling moment' for educators around the world
The Latest: US Catholic group wants others held accountable
Hezbollah leader blasts Trump over fight against IS
Catalan separatists march to proclaim innocence of leaders
Floors collapse at Russian university in St. Petersburg
Richard Branson's goal of $100 million for Venezuela could face an obstacle: Maduro
Kenya recalls ambassador to Somalia over water rights clash
The Latest: Shiffrin calls Swedish fan up to stage
'Finish that wall': Trump seeks to turn his failure to build the wall into campaign rallying cry
Trump foreign policy under attack from all sides at European security conference
Does Catalan crisis threaten to make Spain 'ungovernable'?
Bulgarian nationalists march in honor of pro-Nazi general
Turkmenistan to open vet clinic despite harsh animal views
The Latest: Kerry 'ashamed' Pence didn't note climate change
Trump's declaration of national emergency hit with first lawsuits
"Armed bar attack kills 5, wounds 5 more in Mexico's Cancun"
US-backed Syria force says IS territorial defeat is near
"What is 'auditing,' and why did a YouTuber get shot for doing it?"
A suspected killer eluded capture for 25 years. Then police got his aunt's DNA.
Amazon's New York 'disaster' reminds leaders to address gentrification
The Latest: Merkel defends Iran deal; Pence blasts Europe
The Latest: US cardinal hails pope's leadership on abuse
Vatican defrocks former US cardinal McCarrick for sex abuse
"Tear gas, hate speech marks 14th yellow vest protest"
Lipstick in kindergarten? South Korea's K-beauty industry aim for super young.
Analysis: Branson's goal of $100 million for Venezuela could face obstacle in Maduro
Nigerians shocked by election postponement at last minute
The Latest: Diocese says McCarrick to stay at friary for now
Improvised migrant shelter in northern Mexico to close
The Latest: Cardinal calls McCarrick punishment 'important'
Mexico: Makeshift migrant shelter near border to close soon
Emotional funeral for Sala held in his Argentine hometown
