House Dems begin scrutiny of Trump with a bill to protect the special counsel
Former Trump club employee says management kept her off Secret Service screening list because she is undocumented
"Warren aligns with Trump on Afghanistan and Syria, signaling a potential shift among Democrats"
"A video of Ocasio-Cortez dancing in college leaked to smear her. Instead, the Internet finds it adorable."
Trump seems to actually like Nancy Pelosi
"Pelosi seeks a return to normalcy, but an unpredictable president may not comply"
Iran 'can do what they want' in Syria: Trump's comments defy the position of his top aides
"UN envoy bound for Yemen, Saudi Arabia for Yemen war talks"
"Before you run against Trump, you have to run against Hillary (if you're a woman)"
Lawmakers hail a new 'sisterhood' as more than 100 women take their seats in the House
Trump proves an enigmatic negotiator as government shutdown continues with no end in sight
"For the first time, GOP women join Senate Judiciary Committee"
House Democrats begin scrutiny of Trump with a bill to protect the special counsel
"U.S. military food supplier for Iraq, Afghanistan is suspended over fraud indictment"
Pope acknowledges sex abuse scandals have damaged Catholic Church
"Aviation system begins to feel stress from the shutdown, union leaders say"
American charged with espionage in Russia has an unlikely background for a spy
"N. Korea's ambassador to Italy has gone missing, S. Korean lawmaker says"
Pelosi reclaims speakership and secures place as most powerful woman in politics
"Trump, once fiery on Twitter, warms to old-fashioned mash notes from Kim Jong Un"
"Housing vouchers mostly move families into impoverished neighborhoods, even when better apartments exist elsewhere"
A black 7-year-old's slaying has Houston on edge. Police just released a sketch of the suspect.
House Democrats vote to defend ACA in court - and jam Republicans
For-profit college chain to forgive $556 million in student debts
American charged with espionage in Russia has unlikely resume for a spy
U.S. warns Iran against satellite launches it says could advance missile technology
"Tropical storm's rain, surging seas strike southern Thailand"
Gasoline tanker fire closes Australian highway
'They can do what they want': Trump's Iran comments defy the position of his top aides
3 dead as gas station fire in Kabul spreads to building
Chinese rover beings exploring 'dark' side of moon
Britain clings to imperial nostalgia as Brexit looms
Fragmentation helps Netanyahu re-election hopes
China says talks on US tariff fight scheduled for Monday
"Tropical storm's rain, surging seas strike Thai beaches"
Global support lets Bangladesh PM withstand election worries
Chinese rover begins making tracks on 'dark' side of moon
Japan's premier: New emperor's era to be announced April 1
Fact-checking Trump's freewheeling Cabinet session
A look at high-profile defections from North Korea
Music festivals are offering to test the safety of people's drugs and police are increasingly liking the idea
Explosion outside office of German far-right party condemned
"Denmark train crash victims identified, all 8 are Danes"
"House Democrats vote to reopen government and deny Trump wall money, defying veto threat"
Israel&#8217;s upcoming election could produce even more political parties. Here&#8217;s why.
"China's space journey, to the moon's far side and beyond"
Falling oil prices push eurozone inflation to 8-month low
China begins first surface exploration of moon's far side
How autocrats can rig the game and damage democracy
China says US travel advisory 'cannot stand up to scrutiny'
Controversy around extreme-right member of Polish government
Vatican: Argentine bishop at Holy See under investigation
How Nancy Pelosi overcame her opposition and became House speaker. Again.
"Unpopular Trump pushes unpopular wall as federal employees, services suffer"
The TSA is getting more floppy-eared sniffer dogs. You still can't pet them.
"Music festivals are offering to test the safety of people's drugs, and police increasingly like the idea"
"With Brexit 12 weeks away, uncertainty squeezing UK economy"
Police identify dead hiker as German student in UK
Trump's base did not elect him to withdraw troops from Syria and Afghanistan
The strange history of the House's 181-year-old ban on hats - and the push to overturn it
This woman offered to be the 'mom' at any gay wedding. Her post went viral.
WFP welcomes Houthi probe into Yemen food theft
Zoo elephants eat Berlin's leftover Christmas trees
Former Portuguese minister cleared in visa corruption case
Romania president won't ax prosecutor who backs graft fight
Iraq: 8 killed in Baghdad women's prison fire
"Trump pushes back on impeachment talk, citing his popularity among Republicans"
"Ocasio-Cortez, booed for her Pelosi vote, fires back: 'Don't hate me cause you ain't me'"
Rep. Rashida Tlaib profanely promised to impeach Trump. She's not sorry.
"Yes, there are online preschools. And early childhood experts say they stink."
Chinese censors go old school to clamp down on Twitter: A knock on the door
"Despite pressure, Romanian president won't fire prosecutor"
Iraq: 9 killed in Baghdad women's shelter fire
American held in Moscow for spying also British
EU border agency says migrant border crossings at 5-year low
Rashida Tlaib's vulgar comment spotlights Democrats' impeachment dilemma
"Amid a government shutdown, more typos - from Trump and the White House"
White House questions whether Pelosi wants to take down walls across the country
House Democrats unveil bill targeting Trump on tax returns and transparency
A good jobs report bolsters half of Trump's post-tax-cut argument
"Restriction on transgender troops serving in military can stand for now, D.C. federal appeals court rules"
The Latest: Migrant rescued after he tries to swim to Malta
"UK coroner: 102-year-old man got stuck on roof, dies of cold"
Germany: 1 arrested after shot or shots fired in Cologne
China says US envoys due in Beijing for talks on trade fight
Macron vows to keep reforming France despite protests
Four countries now have links to American detained in Russia as international spillover widens
"After Trump's broadside on inspectors general scrutinizing Afghanistan, silence from those under fire"
Police: Several killed in Baghdad women's shelter fire
Myanmar government says Rakhine rebels kill 13 policemen
"Dutch, Germans recover cargo lost by container ship"
"The Latest: Detainee in Russia has UK, US, Irish citizenship"
Death toll in Burkina Faso community clashes rises to 46
These female politicians from a new generation don't care what you think about them
Kansas Sen. Pat Roberts announces he won't seek reelection in 2020
Sen. Pat Roberts announces he won&#8217;t seek reelection in 2020 in another departure of a GOP senator known for bipartisanship
Dozens of tourists in Brazil robbed on trail to Rio's famous Christ the Redeemer statue
American officials due in Beijing for talks on trade battle
"Mexican president publishes modest possessions, income"
Protests across Khartoum call on al-Bashir to step down
Congo criticizes Catholic church over election statements
Airstrike on IS-held village in eastern Syria kills 10
Brazil's Bolsonaro opens doors to hosting US military base
"Trump threatened to keep government shut down for 'months or even years' to get border wall funds, Democrats say"
The administration is using heavily inflated numbers to argue for a border wall
"Pink Floyd, &#8216;Dark Side of the Moon&#8217;: The Week In One Album"
"These young, female politicians don't care what you think about them"
Democrats' sleeping giant: Impeachment
Sen. Pat Roberts of Kansas announces he won't seek reelection in 2020
"A van full of children was headed to Disney World. Then, a deadly 'ball of flames.'"
Egypt's president may have said too much in a '60 Minutes' interview - which Egypt then tried to have killed
"13 Latin America governments urge Venezuela's Nicolas Maduro not to take oath, won't recognize new term starting Jan. 10"
Foreign powers weigh diplomatic moves on Venezuela's crisis
The Latest: Detained man's family asks US govt for more help
Trump threatens to keep government shut down for 'months or even years' to get wall money
"A church van full of children was headed to Disney World. Then, a deadly 'ball of flames.'"
"Florida commission on Parkland school shooting cites major mistakes by officials, recommends arming teachers"
UN to send new envoy to Somalia after flap led to expulsion
"American held for spying is also British, Irish, Canadian"
WFP calls on Yemen's rebels to bring aid theft to an end
Foreign diplomats urge Venezuela's Maduro to hand over power
The Latest: Diplomats urge Venezuela's Maduro to cede power
"Mexican president claims modest possessions, income"
"'You can't impeach somebody that's doing a great job,' Trump says after Democrat's viral remark"
The GOP's pernicious link between terrorism and the border wall
Supreme Court to hear cases on partisan gerrymandering
"Trump threatens shutdown of 'months or even years' over border wall, says he could declare national emergency to get it built"
American detained by Russia was convicted of trying to steal thousands of dollars while deployed to Iraq as a Marine
Leonardo DiCaprio testifies before D.C. grand jury as part of U.S. probe into Malaysian corruption
The American detained in Russia has four passports. That could help him - or hurt him.
"Officials in Poland: 5 teenage girls have been killed, 1 man hurt in fire at an ""Escape Room"" game site"
"The nation's first two Muslim congresswomen are sworn in, surrounded by the women they inspired"
The Latest: Marines provide details of Whelan court-martial
Brazil to send military police to state amid wave of attacks
"Brazil's Bolsonaro sees threat in Russia, considers US base"
Here are all the ways the government shutdown could end
Supreme Court to decide if trademark protection can be denied to 'scandalous' brands
"New Mexico's new governor ending PARCC standardized testing to evaluate students, teachers"
Legal experts are split on whether Trump must name a new permanent Pentagon chief
"McConnell, Thune notably absent as Trump, House GOP leaders talk about shutdown"
New sheriffs in town as African Americans win top law enforcement posts in N.C.
Egypt's president may have said too much in an interview - which Egypt then tried to have killed&nbsp;
"India's railroads had 63,000 job openings. 19 million people applied."
The Latest: UN Security Council meets on Congo election
