Florida school hires two combat veterans to take down active shooters
"After massacre, some people in Pittsburgh still don't want stricter gun laws"
New Calif. governor breaks from ambitious public works projects
Snow in Hawaii caps a year of extreme weather for the state
A Florida school's answer to school shootings? Combat veterans.
Trudeau cabinet minister resigns amid controversy
"The Latest: US, Russia draft rival UN Venezuela resolutions"
"Lawmakers line up behind bipartisan border deal to avert shutdown, as Trump signals he may sign it"
"'You can feel it now': New Democrats push party, and 2020 candidates, to the left on divisive issues"
"On El Paso's Shelter Place, an American divide over immigrants and immigration"
A Florida school's answer to school shootings? Combat veterans with guns.
"Westminster updates: This swank crowd vies for best in show. Their humans are hopeful, too."
"Secret travel, global pressure and lucky timing turned Juan Guaido into face of Venezuela's uprising"
Why a criminal case in Canada is roiling Justin Trudeau's government
Australia to reopen island detention camp after refugee bill
Australia to reopen island detention camp after Parliament OKs bill giving sick asylum seekers easier hospital access
Education Department allows extra day for comments on Title IX rules
50 more bodies found in secret graves in western Mexico
"Heaviest rain, strongest wind and lowest temperature: Snow in Hawaii follows a year of extreme weather"
K-pop and fancy sneakers: Kim Jong Un's cultural revolution
Venezuela socialist party boss stirs up support on talk show
"Despite El Chapo arrest, powerful Sinaloa cartel marches on"
Thai party fighting for survival after gaffe with princess
Trump shields the Saudi crown prince
Trump expected to issue order that could keep Chinese firms out of U.S. networks
Israeli leader hopes summit brings Arab ties out in the open
The Latest: Thai election body recommends party be dissolved
Afghans mourn former president at palace ceremony
Afghanistan probes election commissions after firings
Thai authorities move to dissolve party that tried to run a princess as its candidate
Sri Lanka recruiting 2 hangmen before resuming death penalty
Kamala Harris leaps to unwarranted conclusions in tax tweet
Pompeo shrugs off expected no-shows ahead of U.S.-hosted conference on Middle East
Correction: Iraq-Christian Town story
The Latest: Thai court says it will look at party ban issue
"In France, footballers fight workplace bullying in court"
Police: Short circuit likely caused deadly India hotel fire
Nigeria in battle against fake news ahead of elections
Separatists to put Spain's minority government on the ropes
Philippines was gripped by a fear of vaccines. Now there's a measles crisis.
"After losing key vote on offshore migrant camps, Australian government plays its Trump card"
Pakistan: Saudi crown prince to visit Islamabad this week
The Latest: Spanish prosecutor hits back at defense lawyers
UK government downplays suggestion it will seek Brexit delay
Rare tiger killed in UK safari park; 2nd to die in past week
Egypt's Parliament to vote on extending president's term
A Democratic governor just quashed Democrats' dreams of high-speed rail in America
"Power Up: Short changed, here's how Trump could get more money for the wall without Congress"
A Florida school's answer to campus shootings? Combat veterans with semiautomatic rifles and Glocks.
Egypt to throw out term limits and keep Sissi in power for at least 12 more years
"As Americans reject vaccines, health workers abroad risk death to deliver them"
Nigeria's top candidates pledge a peaceful election
"Lithuania makes record hashish seizure, bound for Russia"
"US, Poland launch Mideast conference despite uncertain aims"
25 Kashmir students injured by blast inside classroom
NATO chief says allies keen to avoid arms race with Russia
Iran's supreme leader says talks with US can only 'harm'
The Cybersecurity 202: This key House Republican is open to mandates on states for election security
Trump claims 'no collusion' with Russia as leading Democrat says conclusion is premature
"10 years ago, Russia built a border wall, too. Here's the story."
The Senate just passed the decade's biggest public lands package. Here's what's in it.
Pompeo shrugs off expected no-shows ahead of conference on Middle East
Analysis: The problem with Pompeo's plan to rival China and Russia in Central Europe
Top Philippine journalist and Time person of the year arrested on libel charges
"Pakistan says Saudi prince to visit, sign investment deals"
Germany charges 8 Albanians in 1.8-ton cocaine seizure
Philippine agents arrest journalist critical of president
Iran's supreme leader says any talks with US can only 'harm'
The Energy 202: The Senate just saved a popular park conservation fund
The Health 202: Ivanka Trump pushes 'bipartisan agreement' on paid family leave
"King, a wire fox terrier, wins best in show at Westminster"
Teen suicides leave rural Michigan town 'devastated'
The world is drowning in trash. Can 'Zero Waste' save it before it's too late?
"For Mexicans, El Chapo trial was sad reminder of violence, corruption that affects their daily lives"
Egypt to throw out term limits in move to keep Sissi in power at least 12 more years
Pope Oks miracle needed for Briton's sainthood
8 die of measles in Ukraine this year as outbreak worsens
Lawmakers rush to resolve last-minute snags in spending bill as shutdown looms
"Despite his pre-election hype, Trump's piling on the debt as president"
The Technology 202: Pentagon promises to make ethics a priority in first AI strategy
Why Syrian refugees are at risk of a forced return to Syria
Is India the next target in the Trump administration's trade wars?
The Latest: Spain: Early election decision expected Friday
PM says Iraq to repatriate Iraqi IS fighters held in Syria
The Latest: Merkel: Still work ahead for orderly Brexit
The Latest: Giuliani wants hard line on Iran from conference
"5 dead, 40 still trapped in collapsed Liberian gold mine"
Sen. Ted Cruz's solution to border wall impasse: Make El Chapo pay for it
The Daily 202: Everyone gets a win. Huge public lands bill shows how Congress is supposed to work.
Trump thanks GOP for fighting 'Radical Left' on the wall as conservatives attack compromise
"Black mold, rats and lead: Survey of military families paints slum-like picture of housing on U.S. bases"
"In a world drowning in trash, these cities have slashed waste by 80 percent"
"'Cupid of Chaos' bigamist duped at least three wives in three states to steal their money, police say"
'She was trying to put us black kids down': Sub resigns after class says she spread MLK conspiracy theory
National Butterfly Center sues federal government to prevent construction of border wall
California's new governor breaks from state's most ambitious public works projects
"Pittsburgh lawmakers tried to get guns off the streets. Now, they're being treated like criminals."
Admiral defends Navy after disasters at sea: 'Other ships weren't having collisions'
Drug lord Joaquin 'El Chapo' Guzman found guilty on all counts in federal trial
Egypt to throw out term limits in move to keep Sissi in power
Criminal case in Canada roils Trudeau's government
Swastikas removed from pictures of French Holocaust survivor
Albania police arrest Kosovar for terror groups membership
Brazil president leaves hospital after surgery
US delivers laser-guided rockets to Lebanese military
Howard Schultz's campaign about nothing
"Omar fires back at Trump, saying he has 'trafficked in hate' his entire life"
Howard Schultz said he's 'colorblind.' That suggests a deep ignorance about America's race problems.
President Trump installed a room-sized golf simulator at White House
U.S. charges former Air Force intelligence specialist with conspiring to share classified information with Iran
Woman charged with tossing chairs from Canada high-rise
Mexico leader: Chapo verdict shows money can't buy happiness
Activists: Sudan police arrest 14 academics in protests
Report: Pope says not time yet for mediation in Venezuela
Howard Schultz said he's colorblind. That suggests a deep ignorance about America's race problems.
U.S. lawmakers call on Saudi Arabia to free imprisoned women's rights activists
U.S. charges former Air Force intelligence specialist with conspiring to provide Iran with classified information
UN Palestinian refugees agency to work to preserve services
The Latest: Iran says Sunni group bombed elite forces bus
Bulgaria freezes accounts receiving millions from Venezuela
Iranian state media blames al-Qaida-linked Sunni extremist group Jaish al-Adl for bus bombing that killed at least 20
Trump suggests he's open to border deal as lawmakers scramble to resolve late snags
"Black mold, rats and lead: Survey of military families paints slum-like picture of housing on bases"
Winter temperatures have been way above normal in Alaska
'Strange days': Winter temperatures have been way above normal in the northernmost part of the United States
Chuck E. Cheese's oddly shaped pizza ignites a bizarre conspiracy theory viewed by millions on YouTube
Behind the failure of the first U.S. uterine transplant
Her unborn baby had a birth defect - so doctors performed surgery inside her womb
Israeli leader: Meeting with Arab countries in Warsaw to focus on 'common interest of war with Iran'
Absent Iran takes center stage at Mideast talks in Poland
Taliban announce surprise talks with US in Pakistan
Report: At least 20 Guard personnel killed in Iran bombing
Netherlands sets humanitarian hub for Venezuela in Curacao
"In wake of Khashoggi killing, Trump confidant Thomas Barrack defends Saudi Arabia, says U.S. has committed 'equal or worse' atrocities"
Trump's inaugural committee head's response to the Khashoggi killing? Criticizing the West.
Diocese finds no evidence of 'racist or offensive statements' by Covington Catholic students during viral incident on Mall
Theresa May reportedly scrapes the mold off jam. Is this the perfect metaphor for Brexit?
Israel refuses to let UN council visit Palestinian areas
Israeli leader rallies 'common interest of war with Iran'
The Latest: Israeli leader hopes to rally Arabs against Iran
'That is a ridiculous question': Rep. Ilhan Omar's tense clash with Trump's Venezuela envoy
The shutdown deal could still fall apart. But that's unlikely.
Trump confidant Thomas Barrack apologizes for saying U.S. has committed 'equal or worse' atrocities to killing of Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi
Trump inaugural committee head's response to the Khashoggi killing? Criticizing the West.
PTA president: Why we shut down a public elementary school's 'father-daughter' dance
May reportedly scrapes mold off jam instead of tossing the jar. Is this a metaphor for Brexit?
Analysis: Trump shields the Saudi crown prince
Israeli leader sees 'common interest' in confronting Iran
Trump former inaugural committee chair defends Saudi Arabia
Activists: More than 200 IS fighters surrender in east Syria
Federal employees would receive 1.9 percent raise under spending agreement
Vice President Pence and Cabinet officials seek to reassure NATO allies that Trump has their backs
Australian cattle survived years of drought. Then came the deadly rains.
Suicide bomber targeting Iran's Revolutionary Guard kills 27
"House passes measure to end U.S. military involvement in Yemen, repudiating Trump's backing of Saudi-led coalition"
'This is disgusting:' Lawmakers blast companies overseeing military homes racked by toxic dangers
Why the arrest of a journalist in Manila will echo around the world
Sri Lankan government seeks applicants with 'excellent moral character' to be executioners
EU reaches tentative deal on copyright in digital age
Judge seeks documents in Puerto Rico tutoring program probe
Guaido seeks to wrest control of Venezuela's oil company
AP Interview: Salvador president-elect wants better US ties
Rights groups hail arrest of 3 Syrian torture suspects
Trump used an Iranian photographer's work in an anti-Iran meme. She told him off.
Hundreds streaming out of last ISIS stronghold as extremists face military defeat
Frustrations grow among migrants stuck at Mexico-US border
New EU rules leave Dutch fishing without pulse in 2021
