Trump lashes out as Democrats step up inquiries of president and administration
Rep. Matt Gaetz calls for Parkland fathers to be removed from House hearing on gun violence
Inaccurate claims of noncitizen voting in Texas reflect a growing trend in Republican states
Cost of border deployments could approach $1 billion by end of fiscal year
Justice Department sues Philadelphia over supervised drug injection site
'We have one reef': Key West bans popular sunscreens to help keep coral alive
Photos: Over 10 feet of snow clobbered California's mountains. Some flakes even fell close to the coast.
"Italy's populist government promised to put 'Italians first.' Its anti-squatting policy hurts Italians, too."
Holocaust survivors receive reparations for deportations on French trains
"An auction house seeks more than $50,000 for a watercolor by Hitler"
A Justice Dept. discipline office with limited reach to probe handling of controversial child sex abuse case
Pompeo slams Venezuelan president over blocking of humanitarian aid
Body recovered from wreckage of Sala plane
Politics prevail in rush to supply Venezuela much-needed aid
"After new document is revealed, Warren struggles with questions of identity"
Inaugural probe puts spotlight on prolific Democratic donor who rapidly remade himself into a major Trump booster
Workers found a suitcase next to a quiet Connecticut road. A woman's body was inside.
"Pompeo blasts Maduro for blocking humanitarian aid, escalating international tension"
Boyfriend of admitted Russian agent charged with fraud
New hopes for reopening of famous Greek Orthodox seminary on Turkish island
Diplomats: US objects to UN move on Israeli action in Hebron
T-Mobile executives seeking merger approval booked more than 52 nights at Trump's D.C. hotel - more than previously known
Images suggest Iran launched satellite despite US criticism
Suspect in New Zealand killing of Brit keeps name secret
Denver teachers threaten to strike Monday after state refuses to intervene in labor dispute
Boyfriend of admitted Russian agent Maria Butina charged with fraud
China says tests on plasma products negative for HIV
More women come forward after Arias sexual assault complaint
Bank of England set to hold rates as it seeks Brexit clarity
Venezuela's political fight could snarl rush to ship aid in
Do U.S. troops have a future in Iraq?
Rescuers pull out 12 hurt in Turkey collapse that killed 3
Japan's Abe vows to resolve territorial dispute with Russia
Netanyahu channeling Trump in Israel's election campaign
Iran's 'revolution babies' weigh their progress since 1979
President Trump's fantastical human-trafficking claims
UK leader travels to Brussels seeking Brexit breakthrough
India's central bank lowers key lending rate to 6.25 percent
"In Argentina, 1 woman is challenging soccer's status quo"
5-year-old girl rescued from collapsed building in Turkey
Indonesia's jobs for generals plan alarms rights groups
The Latest: Corbyn sets out Brexit demands in letter to May
2 Australian bankers criticized by misconduct inquiry quit
Indian forces kill 10 Maoist rebels in raid on training camp
The Latest: Turkey rescuers pull 5-year-old girl from rubble
"Sergei Millian, identified as an unwitting source for the Steele dossier, sought proximity to Trump's world in 2016"
What does Year of the Pig have in store for Trump? Feng shui masters offer clues.
Britain's May back in Brussels to try again with skeptical E.U. leaders
Lebanese PM calls on Italy to increase investment in Lebanon
Iraqi militia says it hit IS targets inside Syria
The Latest: UK leader arrives in Brussels for Brexit talks
"Gucci follows Prada, pulls blackface items after complaints"
Power Up: Two Muslim-American congresswomen force Democrats to grapple with Israel divide
Poll: Only 58 percent of Americans oppose blackface
Britain's May meets again in Brussels with skeptical E.U. leaders on Brexit deal
Senate Judiciary Committee expected to advance Barr's nomination to become attorney general
Michael Ignatieff among winners of prestigious Israeli prize
Gucci pulls 'blackface sweater' from stores after complaints
Dutch students march for better climate policies
Pakistan orders 9-day custody for member of ruling party
Comedian who plays Ukraine's president on TV leads real race
The Latest: Merkel: Brexit stalemate can be resolved
"The Energy 202: Ocasio-Cortez, Markey unveil Green New Deal with backing of four presidential candidates"
"The Cybersecurity 202: Huawei's access to 5G could expand China's surveillance state, cyber diplomat warns"
'Unlimited Presidential Harassment': Trump lashes out again at Democrats for stepped-up oversight
Here's how much of your life global temperatures have been hotter than when you were born
Trump's State of the Union addresses are very different from his predecessors'. Here's how.
"U.S. cuts some military aid to Cameroon, citing human rights concerns"
Pakistani Christian woman freed on blasphemy charges but still invisible
Philippine official: Abu Sayyaf harboring suicide bomber
UK economy to grow at weakest since financial crisis
Germany: No choice but to reject terrorist extradition to US
Russian official: Another nuclear pact with US in trouble
The Latest: Britons could face Europe roaming charges again
Correction: Yemen story
Trump predicts tumult among Democrats in Virginia will turn the state red in 2020
Hungary&#8217;s democracy just got a failing grade
The Health 202: It's employer-sponsored health plans that are getting stingier
This sign language performance was cut from the Super Bowl broadcast. It's now been viewed more than 1 million times online.
"Top Russian diplomat meets Taliban, encourages US withdrawal"
France recalls ambassador to Italy after yellow vest meeting
Top European Parliament lawmaker slams Greece over Venezuela
"UK, EU leaders spar during 'robust' Brexit talks"
Amsterdam: Kilometers of canal walls need urgent repairs
The Daily 202: The State of the Union offered a taste of the Trump presidency that might have been
Trump's claim that Republicans never investigated Obama is ludicrous
The Technology 202: Lawmakers fret about China's investment in 5G
This sign language performance was cut from the Super Bowl broadcast. It's now been viewed online more than 1 million times.
"With Bloomberg's backing, top colleges seek more low-income students"
"France withdraws ambassador to Italy, in latest blow to European unity"
South African president to give State of Nation address
Macedonia removes government complex's protective railings
The Latest: EU parl't chief warns of Brexit 'catastrophe'
Religious leaders applaud Trump's strong antiabortion stance at prayer gathering
Trump says Democrats investigating him is 'PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT.' He's called for at least 18 investigations of his opponents.
Brexit: Theresa May meets again in Brussels with skeptical E.U. leaders
US ambassador says Cameroon relations good despite aid cut
Ex-hostages say suspect in Belgian deaths was their jailer
Russians take to social media to celebrate the cold spell
British PM Theresa May vows to deliver Brexit and do it on time following talks at EU headquarters
A politician wore blackface to dress as his friend. They call it a 'silly high school prank.'
The Green New Deal is more New Deal than Green
Trump's troop deployment strung 'lethal' razor wire on the border. This city has had enough.
Five diplomats sue Canadian government for handling of Cuba mystery illness
Five Canadian diplomats sue Canadian government for handling of Cuba mystery illness
Senate Judiciary Committee debates William Barr's nomination to be Trump's attorney general
"France recalls ambassador to Italy, an unusual rift among European allies"
"From America to China, blackface is a global problem"
Turkish officials raise death toll in Istanbul building collapse to 10
Ex-hostages say suspect in Belgian shooting was their jailer
"Saudi study: Millennial jihadis educated, not outcasts"
The Latest: Vatican: Pope willing to help Venezuela talks
Portuguese gov't aims to force striking nurses back to work
Whitaker says he won't testify unless Democrats drop their subpoena threat
Trump keeps complaining about 'presidential harassment' - which is actually just 'oversight'
'I believe her claim': Democratic presidential candidate Julian Castro on accuser of Virginia Lt. Gov. Justin Fairfax
Ivanka Trump's plan pledges $50 million of USAID money to pull 50 million women from poverty
How Ethiopia got its grain back
"In soccer-mad Argentina, women fight sexism and inequality"
"In preliminary findings, UN human rights expert faults Saudi Arabia for undermining probe of Khashoggi killing"
Turkey: 10 dead in Istanbul apartment building collapse
Report: Iran inaugurates medium-range ballistic missile
Pelosi announces 'visionary leaders' for new climate change committee. One name is missing: Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez.
Elizabeth Warren apologized for describing herself as 'American Indian.' Activists want her to do more.
"'Like a wildfire': Washington state measles outbreak has potential go very big, quickly"
"'Potentially crippling' snowfall is forecast for Seattle on Friday and into Saturday, and more may follow"
Ivanka Trump's $50 million plan to lift 50 million women from poverty
Senate panel's party-line vote advances William Barr's nomination to be Trump's attorney general
Candidate for EU's top job slams Greece over Venezuela
UN expert: Saudi Arabia undermined Khashoggi probe
Council of Europe alarmed by Italy's migrant policy
South Africa leader in national speech looks toward election
Canadian diplomats file suit over injuries suffered in Cuba
Georgia Rep. Rob Woodall will not seek reelection in 2020
Is socialism on the rise in the United States?
'Potentially crippling' snowfall is forecast for Seattle. More may follow.
Police blamed his death on alligators. But now his high school sweetheart is headed to prison.
'It will take off like a wildfire': The unique dangers of the Washington state measles outbreak
A police chief demands Congress act on guns: 'Doing nothing is not acceptable'
Justice Department sues Philadelphia over supervised injection facility that aims to prevent fatal drug overdoses
"As border wall construction moves ahead in Texas, judge rules feds can survey church's land"
EU chief calls for elections in Venezuela amid aid crisis
US nuns urge changes to church structure to address abuse
UN: Yemen's warring parties reach preliminary pullout deal
Lawmaker showing deep cleavage stirs controversy in Brazil
"Saudi Arabia 'curtailed and undermined' investigation into Khashoggi's killing, U.N. expert says"
"Ivanka Trump's empowerment plan aims to help 50 million women. So far, $50 million has been pledged."
The Latest: US envoy wants Maduro to leave Venezuela
"From Gucci to Prada, fashion fails evoke racist imagery"
"Dutch, Russia in talks about responsibility for MH17 downing"
US humanitarian aid for Venezuela arrives at Colombian border
Morocco freezes involvement in Saudi-led coalition in Yemen
Trump lauded the 'abolition of civil rights.' His gaffe did not go unnoticed.
Trump to spotlight El Paso as proof that walls lower crime. Statistics - and Beto O'Rourke - say otherwise.
Tensions between Trump and House Democrats flare over hiring of former White House national security aide
Late-term abortions challenge both sides
Uighurs fled persecution in China. Now Beijing's harassment has followed them to Australia.
US emergency aid for Venezuela arrives at Colombian border
Chilean ex-army commander arrested in 1973 torture case
The Latest: UN chief believes aid must not be politicized
Paraguay seizes largest cocaine cargo in country's north
"Dutch, Russia in talks about responsibility in MH17 downing"
Lawmakers introduce bipartisan bill that would reverse Trump's ban on transgender troops
The many investigations into the administration of Barack Obama
Trump is likely to sign any border deal. He's planning to build a wall regardless.
Brazil president shows symptoms 'compatible' with pneumonia
Brazil lawmaker showing deep cleavage stirs controversy
Whitaker's testimony uncertain after Democrats refuse to drop subpoena threat
The Trailer: 2020 Democrats embrace the Green New Deal litmus test
Howard Schultz debuts agenda with a promise to deny Trump a second term
"After the shutdown, federal workers are coping with a rocky restart"
The VA's parking lot suicides
Romanians charged with online car sales scam targeting Americans
Police confirm Sala's body recovered from plane wreckage
Dorset police confirm body recovered from plane in English Channel is that of Argentine soccer player Emiliano Sala
