Democratic candidates face political risks when pressed on health-care specifics
Howard Schultz's presidential ambitions spurred a months-long effort to disrupt the 2020 race
Trump and his aides offer the public a glimpse of their private notes - no matter how revealing
Here's what federal employees should know about their shutdown back pay
Fuel theft tunnel found in Mexico City; toll in fire at 122
Mexican border strikers win agreements at 27 of 45 plants
'Whatever works': Lawmakers negotiate to avert another shutdown absent signal from Trump
Democratic candidates face political risks and policy challenges when pressed on health-care specifics
"As protests threaten Maduro's power, his government punishes once-loyal slums"
Asylum seeker is sent back to Mexico as Trump administration rolls out new policy
Guantanamo hearing in Sept. 11 case abruptly ends
Fuel theft tunnel found in Mexico City; toll in fire at 119
"Chris Christie rips Kushner's dad: 'One of the most loathsome, disgusting crimes that I prosecuted'"
"After a woman gave birth at home, firefighters shoveled her driveway to get the ambulance through"
A young mother carrying her baby and stroller died after falling down stairs in a New York subway station
"Las Vegas shooter not driven by any 'single or clear motivating factor,' FBI says"
Noted Indian transgender activist shakes up Hindu festival
Timeline: The China-US-Canada battle over Huawei
Grenade thrown into Philippine mosque kills 2 Islam teachers
China bans wife of jailed Taiwan activist from visiting him
South Koreans mourn death of former WWII sex slave
Indonesia's Merapi volcano unleashes river of lava
Venezuela opposition urges walkouts to pressure Maduro
Waste unleashed from Brazil dam on its way to a larger river
Venezuela's crisis and the limits of Cold War thinking
Al-Qaida's advance in northern Syria threatens fragile truce
Israel leader scorned for wooing Holocaust-distorting allies
Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro says in Russian interview he is willing to negotiate with his country's opposition
Why did Kamala Harris withhold support for special investigations of police shootings?
Swede stands trial in royal jewels heist
Ally of S. Korea leader jailed over opinion rigging scandal
SKoreans mourn death of wartime sex slave who fought Tokyo
Report: German police arrest 3 suspected of planning attack
"For 'leftover' single women in China, the Lunar New Year brings dread of returning home alone"
28 bodies of migrants found after boats capsize off Djibouti
Stray cows to be bar coded in Indian state to counter menace
German police arrest 3 suspected of extremist bomb plot
Bangkok schools closed over air pollution concerns
Russian lawmaker detained in parliament in murder probe
Hoping that peace comes to Afghanistan? Dream on.
"Heavy rain, flooding causes 12 deaths in Saudi Arabia"
Egypt arrests activists after commemoration of uprising
Power Up: Some Democrats think Schultz trial balloon is wake up call for Biden
People used to joke about 'Democrats in disarray.' They're not joking now.
Trump often says he won't cave. Then he does.
China pushes through changes to foreign investment law as U.S. trade talks start
Papuans get independence petition to UN despite obstacles
Taliban say they not looking to rule Afghanistan alone
Watchdog scolds French police over yellow vest response
Police arrested 3 men over child abuse at German campsite
Trump's company plans to expand check of employees' legal status following report that it hired undocumented workers for years
"The Cybersecurity 202: U.S. adversaries are raising their cyber game, intel officials warn"
"Trump claims great progress on ISIS, North Korea after intelligence officials present less optimistic view"
Why are so many African leaders shutting off the Internet in 2019?
House set to pass 2.6 percent pay raise for civilian federal employees
U.S. intelligence chiefs' de facto message to allies around the world: You're right; Trump is wrong.
Maduro offers dialogue to Venezuelan opposition and warns Americans against a new 'Vietnam' in Latin America
30 bodies of migrants found after boats capsize off Djibouti
The Latest: UN: Migrant death rate rising in sea crossings
Belgian prosecutors probe theft at attack lawyer's office
The Energy 202: 2020 hopefuls love talking about a 'Green New Deal.' But they're short on specifics.
A GOP lawmaker wants to repeal child labor laws in his state. He employs hundreds of minors.
Trump digs in on border-wall funds as congressional negotiators prepare to convene
The Health 202: Association health plans expanded under Trump look promising so far
A child called 911 about his homework. The dispatcher's favorite subject was math.
German far-right party founder: Can't keep extremists out
Thai junta chief gets party nod as possible PM candidate
French police under fire for yellow vest protest violence
Dutch church ends 24/7 service after govt policy shift
"The Latest: Czech, Libyan leaders pledge cooperation"
"Trump blasts U.S. intelligence officials, disputes assessments on Iran and other global threats"
Will Roger Stone flip on Trump? His answers about it are curious.
"The Technology 202: The shutdown is over, but companies trying to go public are still in limbo"
Will Roger Stone flip on Trump? His answers about it are weird.
The Daily 202: Stacey Abrams isn't the future of the Democratic Party. She's the present.
Pacific Gas and Electric is a company that was just bankrupted by climate change. It won&#8217;t be the last.
Power Up: Some Democrats think Schultz trial balloon is wake-up call for Biden
Amnesty urges world's leading digital tourism companies to end listings in Israeli settlements
3 Iraqi refugees arrested in Germany over attack plot
Pakistani Islamists to rally against freed Christian woman
The Latest: Brazil family digs for relative buried in mud
Italy seizes 644K of cocaine hidden in Honduran coffee
Sen. Susan Collins declines to say whether she will endorse Trump for reelection
"His power under threat, Maduro punishes protesters in Venezuela's once-loyal slums"
Venezuelan opposition leader calls for protests as Maduro offers a new dialogue
European Commission chief Juncker says withdrawal agreement 'will not be renegotiated'
Wife of detained refugee soccer player appeals to Thai PM
German court: Bell dedicated to Hitler can stay in church
Turkey: US Consulate translator convicted of terror charge
Bangladesh Prime Minister Hasina pledges to allow criticism
"For migrants crossing the Mediterranean, the journey has become deadlier"
"Gay men kept vanishing on the streets of Toronto. Now, a serial killer has confessed."
Surprise arrival of Russia plane to Venezuela fuels intrigue
Female Palestinian teen killed in alleged stabbing attempt
Spanish police arrest 37 in drug bust in south and Madrid
Howard Schultz says he once turned down Elizabeth Warren's request for a campaign contribution. His reason: Her policies would lead to 'socialism.'
'My brain felt like I'd been injected with novocaine': Gwyneth Paltrow sued for alleged skiing 'hit-and-run'
'We're getting soft': Kentucky governor says U.S. is weak for closing schools during polar vortex
He was jailed for 41 days for having heroin. It was only detergent - and part of a wider scandal.
Deadly polar vortex puts the Midwest in a deep freeze
'We're getting soft': Kentucky governor says America is weak for closing schools during polar vortex
"Las Vegas shooter was not driven by any 'single or clear motivating factor,' FBI says"
Activists making 'water drops' for migrants near border say government intimidation is rising
"For 'leftover' single women in China, Lunar New Year brings dread of facing their families"
Gunman kills 1 on Corsica; police don't see terror motive
"Macedonia's fugitive ex-prime minister to lose pay, benefits"
Dissident artist: China's arrests of Canadians unsurprising
Ethiopian Israelis rally in Tel Aviv against police violence
Macedonia parliament rejects request for 2nd name referendum
The Jussie Smollett attack highlights the hate black gay Americans face
"Nikki Haley, Joe Biden, and the siren song of the $200,000 speech"
"Nikki Haley, Joe Biden and the increasing danger of their $200,000 speeches"
Rep. Bobby L. Rush calls for hate crimes investigation into attack on actor Jussie Smollett
Polar vortex grips the Midwest in a deep and dangerous freeze
"For migrants crossing Mediterranean, the journey becomes deadlier"
"In China, 'leftover' single women dread facing their families at Lunar New Year"
Canada cutting Canadian staff at Cuba embassy in half
Families dig to find loved ones in Brazil mine collapse
Zimbabwe pastor freed on bail says hundreds in jail need aid
The Latest: Human rights experts call for Brazil dam probe
43 bodies of migrants found after boats capsize off Djibouti
Trump digs in on border-wall funds as congressional negotiators convene
House backs 2.6 percent pay raise for civilian federal employees
House backs bill to raise pay for civilian federal employees by 2.6 percent
Amnesty urges digital tourism sites to end listings in Israeli settlements
The Latest: Brazil police say they've identified 51 bodies
Turkmenistan to cut state funding for science
Families dig to find loved ones in Brazil dam collapse
Venezuelans take to streets in walkout to push Maduro out
McConnell says bill that would make Election Day a federal holiday is a 'power grab' by Democrats
Midwest temperatures 'could approach all-time record values' Wednesday night
The Midwest is shutting down - and officials can't stop warning you through song
Report: Trump's 'wrecking ball' on science is posing a threat to public health and the environment
Top Democrats introduce bill to prevent U.S. from striking first with nuclear weapons
The Beatles played on a London rooftop in 1969. It wound up being their last show.
French police tactics at yellow vest protests under fire
UN humanitarian chief urges aid delivery to Syrians
52 bodies of migrants found after boats capsize off Djibouti
Monarch population up 144 pct at Mexico wintering grounds
Undocumented worker who was fired by Trump Organization to attend State of the Union
Former U.N. ambassador Bill Richardson nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize for work on North Korea
Lake-effect snow is pummeling western New York. Here's how it works.
Chilean judge sentences 6 people in ex-president's death
The Latest: Death toll from dam collapse rises to 99
Union ends strike at Hungary Audi plant after wage hike deal
Canada reducing Canadian staff at Cuba embassy by half
Trump's slow-building war on intelligence
Lindsey Graham asks FBI to brief Senate panel on Roger Stone's arrest
Wikileaks takes at swipe at the famously secret Vatican
A Scottish teen sexually assaulted a 6-year-old girl. But he won't be punished.
The Latest: US senators urge EU to back Venezuela opposition
"Mexico, Spain discuss differing stances toward Venezuela"
Air traffic safety system will take time to recover post-shutdown
Communist operative convicted in Rosenberg atomic bomb spy trial dies at 101
'We're getting soft': Ky. governor says closing schools for polar vortex is weak
"L.A. school board shifts stance, calls for statewide moratorium on new charter schools"
The real question in the Brokaw backlash: What does it take to be seen as American enough?
College student in Florida arrested after police find an automatic rifle in his car on campus
"A deaf couple said they asked for help from a Delta agent, but police were called instead"
Citgo's profits propped up the leaders of Venezuela - until now
China changes law on foreign investment as trade talks start
"Airbus says its data was hacked, no risk to commercial jets"
"The Latest: Mexico, Uruguay plan conference on Venezuela"
