Harvard accused in lawsuit of retaining and profiting from images of slaves
This felon is helping people charged in the college admissions scandal prepare for prison
Lawsuit accuses Harvard of seizing and profiting from images of slaves
Long Thai crisis morphed coup leader's career into politics
Nicaragua government says it will free all jailed protesters
"As more are buried, emotional prayer service planned in NZ"
"New Zealand bans military-style rifles, prime minister says days after mosque attacks that left 50 dead"
The Latest: New Zealand bans all assault weapons immediately
"New Zealand prime minister announces immediate ban on all assault weapons, ""military-style semi-automatic weapons"""
The Latest: UK's May has 'personal regret' over Brexit bumps
Australia says tensions with Turkey ease after WWI remarks
A GOP governor doesn't believe in chickenpox vaccines. He took his nine kids to a pox party instead.
"The Latest: Reporting, buyback planned for assault weapons"
"After mosque attacks, NZealand quickly bans assault weapons"
"After mosque attacks, NZealand banning 'military-style' guns"
"Report: Myanmar, China failing to stop 'bride' trafficking"
The Latest: All 50 victims of mosque attacks now identified
Sri Lanka averts rift spilling over to UN rights session
Trump's advice on Brexit may be useless - or worse
New Zealand police say they inadvertently charged mosque terror suspect with murder of person who is still alive
The Latest: NZ police error in murder charge against suspect
Yemeni spokesman says rebels seek to ignite Hodeida fighting
"Australia moving 2,000 people from powerful cyclone's path"
Klobuchar cites bad data to claim credit for reducing black incarceration
"Pompeo heads to Lebanon, where Hezbollah is at peak strength"
South Korea police accuse 4 of secretly filming hotel guests
"Taiwan leader tours Pacific allies, with Hawaii stopover"
Aid group: Migrants held in Libya suffer from malnutrition
Afghan official: 3 explosions target Shiite shrine in Kabul
Thousands still need rescuing as aid agencies struggle with cyclone aftermath in Mozambique
Pakistan sentences 2 men to life terms in 2017 student death
German whiskey booming as micro distilleries keep popping up
"After mosque attacks, New Zealand bans 'military-style' guns"
Afghan officials: 5 killed in blasts at Kabul Shiite shrine
The real college admissions scandal isn't bribes and cheating. It's how wealth tilts the playing field.
"Albania opposition holds new rally, calls for early election"
Official: 3rd pilot aided next-to-last Lion Air flight
"South Sudan spends millions on cars, homes instead of peace"
Skeptical EU leaders to hear May's plea for a Brexit delay
US trade negotiators to visit China for talks next week
"Power Up: Waiting on Mueller, Trump fixates on another perceived enemy: John McCain"
Democrats struggle to address rising border apprehensions as they seek to counter Trump on immigration
New Zealand just banned military-style firearms. Here's why the U.S. can't.
Surgeon describes saving 4-year-old victim of New Zealand shootings: 'She should not die on the table'
What do people in China think about 'social credit' monitoring?
"Venezuela has its electricity back, for now, but it's still on the verge of collapse"
EU leaders open to Brexit delay if May can push deal through
Ex-Philippine officials accuse Xi of crimes against humanity
"Floods, destruction from cyclone continue in Mozambique"
"Taiwan leader to tour Pacific allies, with Hawaii stopover"
Pakistani lawmakers claim women's march was anti-Islam
Vietnam arrests 8 Chinese suspected of drug trafficking
Amy Klobuchar was a tough-on-crime prosecutor. Will a diverse Democratic base accept her record?
The Cybersecurity 202: Michael Cohen investigators relied on controversial cell-tracking device
Think tank bearing McCain's name releases 'fact sheet' rebutting Trump's criticisms
Dutch authorities investigate 'terrorist motive' of attacker who killed 3 people in Utrecht
Indonesian officials say guest captain helped steer Lion Air plane the day before its fatal crash
"In New Zealand, broad support for ban on assault weapons following massacre"
US testing new rapid-deployment strategy in Europe
The Latest: Londoners react with dismay to Brexit deadlock
Venezuelan forces detain key aide to opposition leader
The Latest: Facebook: AI failed to detect NZ video
Poland snubs Russia ahead of WWII commemoration
The Health 202: Industry is tussling over drug prices. But it's united on combating Medicare-for-all
'It's going to be really easy': Trump says his 2020 debate strategy will be all about the economy
Fentanyl overdose deaths rising most sharply among African Americans
"Can Brexit be stopped? 800,000 people are trying so hard that parliament's website is broken."
The Latest: UK firms step up 'no-deal' Brexit preparations
5 mosques vandalized in central England
Pompeo to make symbolic visit to Western Wall with Netanyahu
New populist star emerges from Dutch local elections
The Technology 202: Prominent conservatives take aim at tech's biggest legal shield
The Daily 202: Trump brings TMZ politics to Washington. And he likes it that way.
The Energy 202: Trump's $100 trillion price tag for the Green New Deal may have come from a tweet
Surgeon describes saving 4-year-old New Zealand victim: 'She should not die on the table'
"Following cyclone, ceaseless rain hampers rescue in Mozambique"
Britain pleads for Brexit delay as crucial European summit gets underway
Venezuelan intelligence unit detains chief of staff of opposition leader Juan Guaido
Finland's health-care system is ranked among the best in the world. Someone tell Nikki Haley.
The Latest: UK leader May does not rule out no-deal Brexit
A closer look at New Zealand's new weapons ban
What to expect when you're expecting the Mueller Report
'This is what leadership looks like': U.S. Democrats rally as New Zealand bans military-style guns
'I do ask you to be decent': McCain's youngest daughter rebukes Trump after recent attack
Kellyanne Conway says she won't take her husband's advice to resign
"As a prosecutor in heavily white Minnesota, Amy Klobuchar declined to go after police involved in fatal encounters with black men"
Veterans 'speak their own language.' It's helping save other vets amid mental-health crises.
Florida man expected to plead guilty to mailing bombs to Trump critics
Venezuelan forces detain top aide of opposition leader Juan Guaido
'None of you is a traitor': British Parliament speaker pushes back against May over who is to blame for Brexit mess
Indonesian officials confirm presence of guest pilot who reportedly saved Lion Air plane day before its fatal crash
"Ferry sinks in Tigris near Iraq's Mosul, killing 45"
"Where villages once stood, Africa now has an inland ocean"
"The Latest: France's Macron warns UK on Brexit: ""This is it"""
Poland snubs Russia before World War II commemoration
Trump's Mar-a-Lago to host Palm Beach County Republicans. Reporters aren't invited.
What to expect from the Mueller report - a primer
What to expect when you're expecting the Mueller report - a primer
It's the first full day of spring. This late-season nor'easter won't let winter go away.
At least 55 drown in Iraq after ferry carrying Mother's Day revelers overturns
One million Brits signed a petition to halt Brexit and broke parliament's website
Former Brazil president Michel Temer arrested on corruption charges
Iraqi official says death toll from ferry sinking in Tigris River near Mosul has risen to 71
Austrian court rejects complaint by expelled Turkish imams
EU leaders open to Brexit delay but demand UK passes deal
The Latest: Austria says NZ attack suspect visited there
"Ferry sinks in Tigris near Iraq's Mosul, killing 55"
VA is gearing up for a massive reroute of health care to the private sector. But Democrats are fighting back.
'I do ask you to be decent': McCain's youngest daughter rebukes Trump after recent attacks
A visual guide to the dead-ends and murky contacts in the Trump-Russia collusion question
3 possible outcomes for the release of the Mueller Report
Meteor? Nope. Aliens? Nah. Fiery streak over L.A. was a supermoon marketing stunt.
"With more focus on the southern border, U.S. officials see a rise in migrants at sea"
Fentanyl drug overdose deaths rising most sharply among African Americans
"As part of Midwest starts flood cleanup, downstream region braces for inundation"
Veterans talking veterans back from the brink: A new approach to policing and lives in crisis
Former Brazil president arrested on corruption charges
Theresa May pleads for Brexit delay as crucial European summit gets underway
At least 71 drown in Iraq after ferry carrying Mother's Day revelers overturns
Revolutionary group that raided North Korean Embassy establishes contact with FBI
1 million Brits signed a petition to halt Brexit and broke Parliament's website
She seemed like a normal Web-savvy teen. She was actually waging 'e-jihad' with ISIS hackers.
Cyprus seeks EU intelligence access for migrant screening
The Latest: IMF says it's not ready to recognize Guaido
"Swiss police arrest woman, 75, over fatal stabbing of child"
Ex-President Michel Temer arrested in Brazil for corruption
Germany: 1 held on suspicion of making child porn
US military vet recounts arrests in Haiti to AP
Trump endorses Israeli control of the disputed Golan Heights
Hickenlooper was asked if he'd choose a female running mate. He should have stopped with 'of course.'
A visual guide to the dead ends and murky contacts in the Trump-Russia collusion question
Eurostar passengers told to avoid travel until April
New exhibit of items from Tutankhamun's tomb comes to Paris
The Latest: Israel thanks Trump for Golan remarks
Call to speed Italian citizenship for boy who made SOS call
The Latest: EU leaders look at resetting Brexit for May 22
"Ukraine, US bicker over corruption fight ahead of election"
The Fact Checker's video guide to socialism
The Conways are merely the latest episode of Trump-inspired - and -directed - family drama
Democrats unveil bipartisan measure rebuking boycott movement against Israel
Kellyanne and George Conway: A Washington power marriage gone way wrong
Coast Guard is 'approaching a tipping point': Commandant sounds alarm about aging fleet
NOAA warns of 'unprecedented' spring flood season that may become 'more dire' in coming weeks
"Americans are the unhappiest they've ever been, U.N. report finds. An 'epidemic of addictions' could be to blame."
It's a 'magic fridge!': Men find ice-cold beers in a field after long hours cleaning up Nebraska flood wreckage
Guest Post: Reduce prison populations by reducing life sentences
7 out of 895 - the number of black students admitted to NYC's most selective high school. And there are more startling stats.
Indonesian officials confirm presence of off-duty pilot who reportedly saved Lion Air plane day before fatal crash
Theresa May pleads for Brexit delay at crucial European summit
Iraqi health official says death toll from river ferry disaster has climbed to 83
Dozens of migrants missing after boat capsizes off Libya
Mexico's last penal colony starts new life as nature center
The Latest: Israel PM hails Trump's Golan 'miracle'
The Latest: UK lawmaker faces death threats on Brexit stance
New Zealand bans 'military-style' guns after mosque attacks
Stacey Abrams would be a smart choice for Biden's running mate. But would it be smart for Abrams?
But their emails: Seven members of Trump's team have used unofficial communication tools
Teachers were reportedly shot with pellet guns at an active-shooter training
"California's super bloom is the best in years, so vibrant it can be seen from space"
At least 85 drown in Iraq after ferry carrying Mother's Day revelers overturns
New Zealand's prime minister called alleged mosque gunman a terrorist. But he may not be charged as one.
"A terrorist's bullet shredded a 4-year-old's pelvis. This surgeon wept, then fought to save her."
The Latest: Bombproof bunker deployed for Brexit planning
EU leaders open to Brexit delay but demand UK approval
"Facing arrest warrant, candidate delays return to Guatemala"
Italian citizenship urged for boy whose SOS call saved lives
"River ferry sinks in Tigris near Iraq's Mosul, killing 83"
The Latest: Zimbabwe declares mourning for cyclone victims
House to vote on measure opposing Trump transgender troop ban
"Kushner lawyer told lawmakers that Trump's son-in-law uses WhatsApp for White House business, Cummings said"
"John McCain's daughters fire back at Trump, calling him 'a child' who lacks decency and compassion"
Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez is not the 'second most talked-about politician in America'
"As end of Mueller probe looms, Sessions returns to Justice Dept. to claim his Cabinet chair"
Florence and Michael permanently retired from list of Atlantic hurricane names
Britain pleads for Brexit delay as crucial E.U. summit gets underway
At least 94 drown in Iraq after ferry carrying holiday revelers overturns
Thousands still need rescuing as aid agencies struggle with aftermath of Cyclone Idai
"Ethiopian pilots raised safety concerns years before fatal crash, records show"
"'Hiding in plain sight': In quiet New Zealand city, alleged gunman plotted carnage"
"In New Zealand, broad support for ban on assault weapons after massacre"
US abruptly endorses Israel's Golan sovereignty in big shift
Ex-President Temer arrested in Brazil on corruption charges
"Nicaragua government, opposition to discuss prisoner release"
"Grudgingly, Europe says Brexit delay is still possible"
Bannon predicts 'stunning victory' for European populists
"Venezuelan opposition aide is seized, US and allies protest"
Trump really cares about the First Amendment - except that part about the press
Republicans and Democrats have never been more divided on confidence in the media
Jimmy Carter is about to become the longest-living president in American history
Cesar Sayoc pleads guilty to mailing explosive devices to Trump critics
Steve Bannon says Europe's populists 'don't need me'
Ferry packed with Iraqis celebrating holiday sinks; 94 die
Death toll from cyclone surpasses 500 in southern Africa
"For Trump, attacking McCain is a way to appeal to his political base"
"With Trump and Netanyahu in lockstep, Democrats wrestle over support for Israel"
Beto O'Rourke is running for president. Andrew Gillum and Stacey Abrams are 'working.'
Barack Obama to attend celebration with freshman House Democrats
The Trailer: What we learned about Beto for America this week
Trump praises First Amendment a day after attacking 'phony' press
NOAA warns of 'unprecedented' spring flood season that may become 'more dire'
"More families sue Boeing over Lion Air crash, citing defective design and 'inadequate safety warnings'"
"Truck driver involved in crash with Amtrak train carrying GOP lawmakers had marijuana and a prescription drug in his system, NTSB says"
'None of you is a traitor': British Parliament speaker pushes back against May over blame for Brexit
European Union chief says bloc has unanimously decided on a response to the UK's request to delay Brexit
New Zealand to observe Muslim prayer after mosque attacks
The Latest: New Zealanders to observe Muslim call to prayer
This photo shows why a border wall won't work
'Approaching a tipping point': Coast guard commandant sounds alarm
Brexit: Britain will not leave the E.U. next week after European leaders allow a short reprieve
"Defunding Pentagon construction projects for border wall could sting Puerto Rico, European allies"
The Latest: May: 'make every effort' to ensure deal in place
"Prime Minister Theresa May says she ""will make every effort"" to ensure delayed Brexit happens with a deal in place"
Europe offers UK more time to leave the bloc
The Latest: Cyclone Idai death toll rises to over 550
