Can the border really be called an 'emergency'? Not according to the dictionary.
North Carolina elections officials will give U.S. attorney vastly fewer records than he sought in voter probe
Howard Schultz' challenge to Democrats: Nominate a centrist for president and I'll abandon my independent campaign
"Angry over campus speech by Uighur activist, students in Canada contact Chinese consulate"
Pence urges Europeans to withdraw from Iran nuclear deal
U.S. cyber force credited with helping stop Russia from undermining midterms
"Angry over campus speech by Uighur activist, Chinese students in Canada contact their consulate, film presentation"
The Latest: Colombia leader urges China to back Maduro foes
AP Interview: Maduro reveals secret meetings with US envoy
Panama to build migrant shelter as hundreds of Cubans enter
'Off the rails': Inside Trump's attempt to claim victory in his border wall defeat
House Democrats to challenge Trump's emergency declaration; Republicans divided on action
"In Venezuela, humanitarian aid has become a political weapon"
Sweden probing its envoy to China over 'threatening' meeting
AP Interview: Philippine journalist sees threat to democracy
Congress approves border deal to avert shutdown; Trump to sign it and seek wall money elsewhere
How Amazon's big plans for New York City were thwarted by the city's resurgent left wing
An emergency declaration by Trump will lead to lawsuits. Lots of them.
Amazon had New York City in the bag. Then left-wing activists got fired up.
Car bomb kills at least 33 Indian soldiers in Kashmir
Thai party fields transgender candidate for prime minister
"'We don't have time anymore': In face of climate change, young people across Europe are protesting for their future"
Death toll in deadliest car bombing in Kashmir climbs to 41
The massacre Trump's envoy to Venezuela wants us to forget
Myanmar court sentences 2 to death for killing Suu Kyi aide
Trump's false claim that violent crime hasn't gone down 'in a long while'
"America will lose influence, not gain it, if Trump wins the fight over the World Bank presidency"
Israeli leader stranded in Poland after plane mishap
Pompeo meets with EU's top diplomat amid Pence attack
Women recall the 'hell' of Soviet war in Afghanistan
"Spain's Socialist prime minister calls general election for April 28, country's third in less than four years"
UK official vows to prevent return of Britons who backed IS
"In Nigeria, election spectacle at odds with rampant poverty"
"AP Explains: Polarized by Catalonia, Spain heads to election"
"Person in Paris metro burned after serious ""liquid"" attack"
France sending ambassador back to Italy following spat
Two U.S. citizens claim in lawsuit that feds detained them for speaking Spanish
"Mnuchin calls U.S.-China trade talks 'productive,' but no sign of a deal"
Why more and more people don't want tech giants like Amazon moving into their neighborhood
Netanyahu leaves Poland after plane mishap delayed departure
India warns of 'crushing response' to Kashmir suicide attack
German security conference starting amid Iran deal friction
Spain's Socialist leader calls early elections for April 28
Power Up: Here's how we got to Trump declaring a national emergency
"Drivers using prescription opioids twice as likely to trigger a fatal crash, study finds"
Nigerians head to the polls hoping their leaders can combat a resurgence by Boko Haram
US vice president Pence makes his 1st visit to Auschwitz
Hackers flock to hunt for cracks in Swiss e-voting system
Top Vatican priest in Paris facing 'sexual aggression' probe
Cyprus' religious leaders urge church's restoration
Pompeo meets with EU's top envoy as Pence lambasts Europe
The Health 202: Trump has done much for abortion foes and they love him for it
The Cybersecurity 202: 'We're doubling down.' DHS insists it's not reducing election security efforts
Trump's border emergency: The president plans a 10 a.m. announcement in the Rose Garden
Was it worth it? Many suffered in Trump's wall budget loss
"'Practicamente mi pueblo entero vivia alli': desde Costa Rica hasta Nueva Jersey, un camino de trabajadores ilegales para Trump que se remonta anos atras"
He claims to be America's deadliest serial killer. His paintings could help find more victims.
Japan prepares law to finally recognize and protect its indigenous Ainu people
Russia detains prominent U.S. investor based in Moscow on fraud charges
Vatican's envoy to France facing 'sexual aggression' probe
US: Time to expand the international coalition against IS
Veteran US investment manager detained in Moscow
The Energy 202: EPA plan to rid drinking water from toxic chemicals sparks divisions in Washington
How offensive have Trump's past comments on race and religion been? You tell us.
'Whatever he wants': Inside the region Russian oligarch Oleg Deripaska runs like a personal fiefdom
Chinese in Spain stage protest over blocked bank accounts
Pompeo visits Iceland as US-EU rift on Iran grows
Push on last IS enclave blunted by discovery of civilians
"Egypt official: Home-made bomb explodes near mosque, 3 hurt"
Sweden FM says she's upset by ambassador to China case
Former Massachusetts governor Bill Weld announces plan to challenge President Trump for Republican nomination
Trump's border emergency: President plans a 10 a.m. announcement in the Rose Garden
The Technology 202: Amazon HQ2 debacle could increase scrutiny of corporate incentives
India promises retaliation after worst attack in Kashmir in three decades kills dozens
Spanish government calls snap general election amid Catalan crisis
Maduro claims Venezuela has engaged in secret talks with U.S. envoy
UN and Syrian Red Crescent deliver aid to isolated camp
US Vice President Mike Pence makes his first Auschwitz visit
Man in Paris metro burned after serious 'liquid' attack
Trump will declare an immediate crisis - to spend years building walls meant to address it
"Trump's border emergency: President seeks to redirect Treasury, Pentagon funding for barriers"
Trump's most hypocritical quotes on unilateral executive action
Trump's national emergency is exactly the kind of thing he used to call a failure of leadership
The Daily 202: Trump shows fresh disdain for the rule of law with national emergency declaration
Congress has a record number of mothers with children at home. This is why it matters.
Saturday will be Nigeria&#8217;s first WhatsApp election. Here&#8217;s what we&#8217;re learning about &#8216;fake news.&#8217;
Israeli leader's trip to Poland beset by string of missteps
Pompeo: Venezuelans reject Maduro's 'model of governance'
Thai party challenging army rule holds first Bangkok rally
The Kashmir attack could prompt a crisis in South Asia. Here&#8217;s why.
"Trump's border emergency: Pelosi, Schumer call declaration 'unlawful'"
"Three takeaways from Congress&#8217;s ability to avoid a shutdown - this time around, at least"
What exactly is a national emergency? Here's what that means and what happens next.
Howard Schultz said 'of course' he understands 'racial justice.' But that's not so obvious.
"Pompeo stresses importance of U.S. friends, a day after Pence blasted key allies"
The Latest: US announces sanctions against Maduro officials
"Netanyahu misquoted on Holocaust in Poland, his office says"
World Jewish Congress concerned about neo-Nazism in Europe
Leaked State Department email: US military aircraft to start delivering 250 tons of humanitarian aid to Venezuela border
"Trump's border emergency: Democrats criticize declaration, vow action"
"Trump claims that you can't smuggle drugs at ports of entry, which would likely surprise the Border Patrol"
"Ruth Bader Ginsburg returns to Supreme Court for first time since cancer surgery, spokeswoman says"
"Atmospheric river unloads record rainfall on California, spurring flooding and mudslides"
"Bombshell book alleges a Vatican gay subculture, hypocrisy"
Spain launches new push to exhume dictator Franco's remains
Trump's border emergency: Democrats vow to fight 'phony' declaration
Supreme Court takes up Trump administration's plan to ask about citizenship in census
"999, &#8216;Emergency&#8217;: The Week In One Song"
"Trump's bewildering national emergency press conference, annotated"
'I didn't need to do this': Trump just kneecapped his own case for a 'national emergency'
"Trump claims that you can't smuggle drugs at ports of entry, which would likely surprise Border Patrol"
NASA twin astronauts study finds no flashing red lights for long spaceflight
Federal judge temporarily blocks military from forcing out HIV-positive airmen
McCabe representative seeks to downplay reported discussions of using 25th Amendment to oust Trump
Trump says he's been nominated for a Nobel. But did Japan's Abe actually do it? Or was it S. Korea's Moon?
66 killed in Nigerian state before presidential election
Authorities in Nigeria's Kaduna state say at least 66 have been killed just before the country's presidential election
France sends ambassador back to Italy following spat
France's Le Pen boasts far-right power for EU elections
Shutdown averted: President Trump has signed a sweeping spending bill hours before funding expired for parts of the government
Trump said conservative pundits 'don't decide policy' - then praised his favorite talk-show hosts
"Democrats will fight Trump's national emergency with this obscure, 65-year-old legal precedent"
Reporters tried to correct Trump's incorrect data on immigration. It was ... not effective.
'We recognize this is horribly unfair.' 9/11 victim fund will cut payouts by up to 70% as claims surge
Europeans fire back at criticism from US over Iran
Russian police question nerve agent scientist
New UN Syria envoy sees opportunity in constitution process
Trump said conservative pundits don't decide policy - then praised his favorite talk-show hosts
"Democrats will fight Trump's national emergency with this obscure, nearly 67-year-old legal precedent"
Trump looks to raid Pentagon budget for wall money using emergency powers
"Europe says it will stick with the Iran deal, defying a U.S. demand"
Family of IS teen appeals to UK to help bring her home
US military aircraft to deliver more aid to Venezuela border
Locals find monarch colony in Mexico after yearslong search
Fact-checking Trump's announcement of a national emergency
Trump's national emergency declaration once again highlights his affinity for strongmen - and authoritarianism
Pence likens Nazi genocide to Iran's threat to Israel and warns against anti-Semitic authoritarians
Federal employees will wait longer for their grievances to be heard
'It keeps you nice and disposable': The plight of adjunct professors
India vows retaliation after dozens killed in deadliest attack in Kashmir in three decades
McCabe tells '60 Minutes' that Rosenstein was concerned about Trump's 'capacity' when he brought up 25th Amendment
Trump says U.S.-China talks are within reach of a breakthrough in trade relations
"U.S. urges allies to stay in Syria, even as it prepares to withdraw"
French ambassador returns to Italy following dramatic spat
Lebanon's Cabinet wins vote of confidence in parliament
Trump again praises strongmen who execute drug dealers. Rights groups say it's a terrible idea.
"With a focus on tragic deaths, Trump's national-emergency announcement raises an obvious question"
"To fight Trump's national emergency, Democrats will rely on a 67-year-old legal precedent"
Man who had 3-D-printed AR-15 and 'hit list' of lawmakers gets prison term
German government adviser recommends smartphone ban for children under 14
Turkey's Erdogan urges U.S. to confront Saudi Arabia over Khashoggi killing
Modi vows action after dozens die in deadliest attack in Indian-held Kashmir in 3 decades
