Czech leader is the latest to bask in Tump's preference for Eastern- and Central European politicians
A black man was picking up trash outside his home. Then police confronted him.
Paul Manafort sentenced to about 4 years in prison in Virginia case
Appeals court rules immigrant may seek judicial review of expedited deportation
"In Venezuela, massive power outage leaves much of the country in the dark"
Correction: Mexico-Endangered Porpoise story
"White House demands GOP support for Trump's wall plans, won't say how they'll affect military construction"
"Manafort just escaped a tough sentence, but his lies to prosecutors became more bizarre"
House Democrats poised to endorse public financing of congressional campaigns
Czech leader is the latest to bask in Trump's preference for Eastern and Central European politicians
Venezuela plunges into darkness amidst widespread outage
Justin Trudeau loves apologies. Not with this scandal.
"After summit, N. Korea experts propose new strategy"
Venezuela plunges into darkness amid widespread outage
Alabama's deadly tornado ripped through homes - and exposed vulnerabilities
Fired officer who killed a stranded black motorist is found guilty of attempted murder and manslaughter
"Bismarck, a town's beloved crocodile with a 'gentle soul,' was found dead. Residents say he was shot."
Who is Alex Trebek? How a mustache and correct pronunciation created a TV legend.
"Hipsters all look the same, man inadvertently confirms"
China calls US-North Korea summit an 'important step'
Analysts: Normal operations restored at NKorean launch site
"At least 4 dead in clash between Papuans, Indonesia military"
Asian shares fall on doubts over US-China trade deal
Huge power outage in Venezuela raises tensions amid crisis
"At hearing, Amazon tribe accuses Brazil army of atrocities"
Britain take steps to protect woman detained in Iran
Malaysia coroner find no crime in death of Dutch model
The West's rebuke of Saudi Arabia won't change its course
Popular support for militants complicates Pakistan crackdown
"Chinese exports fall amid US tariffs, weak global demand"
Would 'every small dollar donated' be matched 6-to-1 under the House Democratic plan?
Chinese foreign minister praises Huawei for 'refusing to be victimized like silent lambs'
Finland's center-right government resigns
Finland's center-right government resigns after failing to push through domestic reform
"S. Korea, US sign deal on Seoul paying more for US military"
Vietnam says fishing boat rammed and sunk by Chinese ship
"In Russia, gender equality still a long way off"
At least 25 Central American migrants die in Mexico accident
"In India, a search for 'traitors' after conflict with Pakistan"
Iran: UK diplomatic protection for prisoner legally invalid
"Algerian opposition parties, unions back street protests"
Statue of divisive Polish priest removed from Gdansk square
At least 5 killed in Nigeria as van strikes Boko Haram mine
Scuffles erupt at Jerusalem holy site over women's praying
Malaysia coroner finds no crime in Dutch model's fatal fall
"House Democrats prepare to pass 'H.R. 1,' their answer to draining the swamp"
Power Up: What we need to know from The Trump Organization
How bad is Venezuela's economy? Even the criminals are struggling to get by.
Seoul: Small quake in North Korea likely due to mining blast
Afghan officials: Death toll climbs to 11 in mortar attack
Swedish court sentences Uzbek man for preparing attack
"Thousands strike in Spain, mark International Women's Day"
The Health 202: Republicans use opioid hearing to defend Trump's border emergency
The Cybersecurity 202: DNC security chief preaches basic security for 2020 campaigns
"As Bernie Sanders launches his second presidential campaign, big crowds but some doubt in early states"
"In Venezuela, massive blackout continues as Maduro blames U.S. for outages"
"International Women's Day: Strikes, protests and holidays"
Search for missing Berlin girl has Germany distressed
"Spain's nursing ""house of horrors"" reveals deceit of elders"
"Armenian patriarch in Turkey, Mesrob II, dies"
The Daily 202: Condemnations of Paul Manafort's lenient sentence showcase inequities in the criminal justice system
Sustain the swamp: Hundreds of lobbyists swim through Trump's administration
The Energy 202: Lawmakers turn up heat in global warming debate on Senate floor
Former DNC chair Ed Rendell: It was a 'mistake' to bar Fox News from covering Democratic debates
Would 'every small dollar donated' be matched 6 to 1 under the House Democratic plan?
"In a Kenyan refugee camp, Rep. Ilhan Omar sparks dreams and drawings, not controversy"
Al-Aqsa prayers pass peacefully after Israel-Jordan talks
Indonesia sending soldiers to build highway in tense Papua
"Armenian patriarch in Turkey, Mesrob II, dies at 62"
Thousands of Algerians protest over absent president
"House Democrats prepare to pass H.R. 1, their answer to draining the swamp"
Trump misrepresents judge in Manafort trial as he claims 'no collusion' with Russia
The Technology 202: Democrats hope 'Save the Internet' will reap political dividends
"Republicans release interview with Bruce Ohr, Justice Dept. official linked to Trump dossier"
"In China, many are impressed that, yes, you can sue the U.S. government"
Uber settles out of court in Dutch illegal service case
Hungarian leader may turn to Polish party in EU Parliament
Massive Venezuela power outage raises tensions amid crisis
Pope denounces 'depraved' antisemitism and urges dialogue
The very good news buried in an otherwise mediocre jobs report
Trump says Democratic Party is 'anti-Israel' and 'anti-Jewish'
"Manafort isn't out of the woods yet. In fact, now his lies to Mueller could cost him dearly."
"On International Women's Day, these female journalists and activists are behind bars"
Italy government fraying over high-speed rail dispute
Lawyer for British IS bride says her baby may have died
Hezbollah leader calls on supporters to donate to the group
UN: 100 Yemen civilian casualties on average weekly in 2018
"House Democrats pass H.R. 1, their answer to draining the swamp"
Bill Shine abruptly resigns as White House communications chief
Biden isn't the only candidate running on bipartisanship. Why aren't they taken as seriously?
"Trump says Cohen 'directly' asked him for a pardon, a claim Cohen calls a lie"
"SpaceX capsule successfully returns to Earth, marking a key step toward human spaceflight"
"2019 is shaping up to be the worst year for measles since 1992, CDC data show"
"Like Alex Trebek, I was given a dire pancreatic cancer prognosis. I survived."
Algerians stage largest protest yet against Bouteflika
Sri Lanka military teams with police to fight drugs scourge
Woman sentenced in UK court for female genital mutilation
Conflicting reports surround fate of baby of UK IS bride
Cyprus casino dealer held over suspicions of fraud
The 2020 Democratic candidates used the Manafort sentence to talk about criminal justice reform
America's most unfillable job - managing Trump's communications - is again unfilled
2019 shaping up to be worst year for measles since 1992
Millions still in the dark in Venezuela as government blames 'sabotage' for blackout
The Latest: US gives time for Venezuela sanctions compliance
"Video: Abandoned tents, foxholes left behind by IS in Syria"
Stocks fade as weak hiring adds to unease on global economy
"On International Women's Day, Rep. Ilhan Omar inspires girls in a refugee camp in Kenya to dream big"
"Young Seychelles researcher offered surprise, historic dive"
Officials: Bomb in Iraq's Mosul kills 13-year-old girl
Turkish police use tear gas to disperse women's march
Is Joe Biden's affability enough?
"House Republicans release interview with Bruce Ohr, Justice Dept. official linked to Trump dossier"
What's the formula for a great high school? Making classes like extracurriculars?
"On the 226th try, Trump hopes you'll simply accept that there was no collusion"
An unvaccinated child contracted tetanus. It took two months and more than $800K to save him.
Betsy DeVos effort to delay special-ed regulations rejected by court
Daylight saving time begins this weekend. Get ready to 'spring forward' and lose an hour.
The U.S. weather satellite network is stronger than ever
"Why Florida is struggling to fill more than 2,000 teaching positions"
Tennessee's governor seeks school vouchers and charter expansion. A Nashville school board member says that would be a disaster.
Her ancestors were enslaved in the U.S. Now a Trump decision could lead to her deportation to Africa.
Thousands of women and children fleeing ISIS stronghold flood into Syrian camp
Official: Baby of British IS bride dies in Syria
Here's what the Venezuela blackout looked like from the ground
Nicaraguan Catholic church refuses to join talks
First down week since January for S&P 500 as unease spreads
"Abandoned tents, foxholes left behind by IS in Syria"
'He signed his Bible!': Trump gets hero's welcome in tornado-ravaged Alabama
"Trump officially nominates David Bernhardt, a veteran lobbyist, to run Interior"
Air Force Secretary says she will resign
Jayme Closs kidnapping suspect reportedly admits crime in letter from jail
Air Force Secretary Heather Wilson says she will resign
Thousands fleeing ISIS stronghold flood into Syrian camp
Kuwait: Many in UN oppose Israel action on Palestinian taxes
The Latest: IDB will have until March 15 to decide on Guaido
