Smollett case shows political risk of rapid response
Republicans blast Cummings over 'irresponsible' claims regarding Trump ethics disclosure
Senate Democrats weigh ditching the comfortable old shoe approach to recruiting candidates
End of immigration program will force Liberians in U.S. to either leave their American children or become undocumented
"Wave of teacher protests lands in Oakland, Calif."
'This is the wrong general': Vandals torched a statue of General Lee. It honors a WWII veteran.
"The wave of teacher protests lands in Oakland, Calif."
Pope calls for 'concrete and effective measures' against clerical sexual abuse
Analysis: The hopes and fears surrounding the second Trump-Kim summit
UN: Central African Republic peace deal may be turning point
The Latest: US envoy Elliott Abrams is heading to Colombia
Hogan blasts RNC for 'unprecedented' steps to shield Trump from a primary
Tennessee Gov. Bill Lee wore Confederate uniform in 1980 yearbook photo
Rep. Bobby L. Rush: Jussie Smollett 'has made it harder for real victims to be believed'
"Coast Guard lieutenant used work computers in alleged planning of widespread domestic terrorist attack, prosecutors say"
'He let it out on me': Man punches attorney after getting 47 years in prison
Flakes in Hollywood: Rare snow and wintry precipitation scatter around Los Angeles
IRS analyst charged with leaking financial documents on Michael Cohen
"Amid loss of leaders, unknown militant rises in Philippines"
Japanese spacecraft touches down on asteroid to get samples
'El Chapo' is facing life in prison. Here's why he may get a new trial.
ACLU asks judge to order Trump administration to determine how many children were separated from their parents at border
"'Angry, betrayed, disappointed': Jussie Smollett's alleged lies inflame already tense Chicago"
Immigrant recruits face more scrutiny than white supremacists when they enlist. Here's why.
"How the Jussie Smollett case unfolded, from his initial police report to his eventual arrest"
U.S. to leave a 'peacekeeping group' of 200 troops in Syria
"Australian who drove into crowd, killed 6, sentenced to life"
Nicaragua's Ortega says he will restart talks with opponents
N.C. board declares a new election in contested House race after the GOP candidate admitted he was mistaken in his testimony
Climate change officially claims its first mammal: The Bramble Cay melomys is declared extinct
"Japan's Akihito seen as devoted to duties, open to new ideas"
Cellphone internet access bringing changes fast to Cuba
Worry about US-SKorea alliance grows before Trump-Kim summit
Battle of the bands: Venezuela power struggle turns to music
Trump and May create citizens 'of nowhere'
"From Syria, IS slips into Iraq to fight another day"
Saudi crown prince meets Chinese official on Beijing visit
India seeks to control rivers into Pakistan as punishment
Australia says coal holdups at China ports are not a ban
Trump's repeated claim that China is paying 'billions' in tariffs to the Treasury
"Why Trump is suddenly going back on his promise to withdraw all US troops from Syria, explained in one map"
India top court orders an end to assaults against Kashmiris
French bishops agree to compensation for sex abuse victims
Closing nuclear facility on table as US-NKorea summit nears
Filipino rebel commanders become officials under peace deal
Rights group urges Libyan forces to lift siege on civilians
"Africa's largest democracy finally goes to vote, a week late"
Fly-past honors WWII airmen who died saving UK children
Police: 5 children die of food poisoning in Pakistan
Trump says Hoda Muthana can't come back to the U.S. after leaving to join the Islamic State. Should we think of her as a child soldier?
"In Nigeria, Boko Haram violence disenfranchises many voters"
Ireland publishes no-deal Brexit bill it hopes it won't need
German business confidence drops for 6th straight month
China says coal handling delayed by environmental checks
French national faces Myanmar court on drone flying charge
Kenya court postpones ruling on anti-gay laws to May 24
Power Up: Democrats are unafraid to inhale in 2020's Pot Primary
China and Russia have deep financial ties to Venezuela. Here's what's at stake.
"Meet the men living deep in the Ozarks, away from the fray"
Detention of American in Russia on spy charges extended by three months
Cardinal describes 'universal' problem on second day of Vatican's abuse summit
Kraft Heinz fed investigation and a $15.4 billion write-down
Powerful 7.5-magnitude quake hits eastern Ecuador
"USGS: A 7.5 preliminary magnitude earthquake has hit the Ecuador-Peru border region near Montalvo, Ecuador"
The Cybersecurity 202: California wants to let political candidates use campaign cash to secure their devices
District's VA Medical Center in bottom 10 percent of agency hospitals
"In this dystopian novel, the Wall gets built - and the emergency is real."
U.S. farms fuel surge in guest-worker visas as illegal labor dwindles
Will the nation's third-largest church split up over LGBT debate? Leaders try to reach an answer.
Why Trump is going back on his promise to withdraw U.S. troops from Syria
India orders 'staggering' eviction of 1 million indigenous people. Some environmentalists are cheering.
Doggy massages and canine quiche: A reporter unleashed among Japan's pampered pooches
German govt denies cover-up over Berlin Xmas market attack
Indian court orders 1 million to vacate forest land
Vatican sex abuse summit seeks new culture of accountability
More civilians leave last IS-held pocket in eastern Syria
"At Kraft Heinz, a fed investigation and a $15.4B write-down"
The Technology 202: Trump's call for '6G' becomes a punchline in Silicon Valley
The Health 202: HHS head Azar will take a victory lap on drug prices in speech today
The Energy 202: Oregon pushes sweeping climate bill after Democrats win big in 2018
India's threats to Pakistan offer hint of future water wars
North Korea's Yongbyon nuclear complex at the heart of Trump-Kim summit
Detention of American in Russia on spy charges extended by 3 months
Pakistan's army strips ex-spy chief of pension over book
Senegal's president Macky Sall seeks 2nd term
"China's new policy against gender bias meets fans, sceptics"
Swede gets 4 ^half years in prison for royal jewels heist
Spanish court probes woman's death after Michelin meal
"Sarah Sanders says White House confident about Mueller report, that Trump had no reason to collude with Russia"
An Arizona cop threatened to arrest a 12-year-old journalist. She wasn't backing down.
"One dead, multiple injured after Venezuelan national guard opens fire on opposition supporters"
India wants to use water as a weapon against Pakistan. A 59-year old treaty stands in the way.
"Why Trump is suddenly going back on his promise to withdraw all U.S. troops from Syria, explained in one map"
The Latest: Branson postpones flight to space for concert
Vandals paint swastikas on buildings in Amsterdam
A look at Nigeria's top 2 presidential contenders
Thousands of Palestinians protest at Jerusalem holy site
Church of England says Sunday services no longer mandatory
The Daily 202: Will supporting reparations become a new litmus test for Democrats in 2020?
"One dead, multiple injured after Venezuelan soldiers open fire on opposition supporters"
Family of IS teen appeals to UK to help bring her child home
US stocks rise in early trading on mixed company earnings
German police say dead cow kicked slaughterhouse worker
"The Latest: 1 woman killed, a dozen injured in Venezuela"
House Democrats set Tuesday vote on overturning Trump emergency declaration
Roger Stone takes the stand - and much ridiculousness ensues
The slowly written Mueller report that's sitting in plain sight
Trump administration plans to leave 400 troops in Syria
Two dead after Venezuelan soldiers open fire on opposition supporters
India wants to use water as a weapon against Pakistan. A 59-year-old treaty stands in the way.
Italian minister insists Alpine train tunnel not derailed
Israeli acting foreign minister doubles down on Nazi comment
UN nuclear watchdog: Iran stays within limits of 2015 deal
Powerful 7.5-magnitude quake hits southern Ecuador
The Latest: USAID: 191 tons of aid sent to Venezuela border
"For the second time in two days, a building called 'Trump Place' decides to take down the president's name"
The White House insists it's the first to condemn violence while not condemning violence
"It's the snowiest February on record in Minneapolis, and a blizzard could hit this weekend"
Time's Up CEO resigns after her own son is accused of sexual assault
Outgoing E.U. ambassador on Trump tactics: 'This is not maybe the best way to build an alliance'
Medellin razes Pablo Escobar's home in symbol of rebirth
Swiss court fines veteran for joining anti-IS militia
"The Monks, &#8216;Shut Up&#8217;: The Week In One Song"
"For the second time in two days, a building called Trump Place decides to take down the president's name"
Man charged for toppling statue of Polish priest over abuse
"Stocks climb, putting S&P 500 on track for 4th weekly gain"
UN court sets date for deciding Bosnian Serb leader's appeal
"Mexico to help ""El Chapo"" family seek US humanitarian visas"
The Latest: Musicians perform at Colombia-Venezuela border
Pence promises governors that Congress will pass an infrastructure bill by next year
'Highly unusual event' buries parts of Arizona under 36 inches of snow
'Highly unusual event' leaves Arizona digging out from a 36-inch snowfall that shattered records
Tropical storm warning issued for Guam as typhoon nears
Protests in Algeria against president's bid for 5th term
Gov. Larry Hogan to President Trump: 'What are you so afraid of?'
Russian court extends detention for alleged American spy
Trump might want to keep a closer eye on Texas
'I think it's a shame': Trump comments on Coast Guard officer accused of plotting attacks
Grand jury is examining whether former interior secretary Ryan Zinke lied to federal investigators
Police: 50 die from tainted liquor in India
The Latest: UN chief calls for no violence in Venezuela
Venezuela power struggle turns to music at aid concert
"Sudan declares state of emergency, disbands Cabinet"
Brazil moves Venezuela aid to border despite closure
Trump lays some of the ol' 'both sides' on alleged election fraud in North Carolina
"Steph Curry, Mahershala Ali and MC Hammer made a video to support striking Oakland teachers. Here it is."
"Pentagon sending another 1,000 troops to the Mexico border"
"The Vatican, not known for transparency, actually has abuse statistics buried on its website"
"Venezuelan opposition leader Juan Guaido arrives in Colombia, defying travel ban and risking arrest upon return"
The Latest: Venezuela's Guaido shows up at benefit concert
Tropical storm warning for Guam as typhoon nears
New graft probe targets Guatemala first lady
"Venezuela opposition leader shows up at benefit concert in Colombia, in defiance of travel ban"
"Stocks climb, giving S&P 500 its 4th straight weekly gain"
Trump announces nomination of Kelly Knight Craft as U.S. ambassador to United Nations
House Democrats pressure Attorney General Barr to release Mueller report
Calif. couple guilty of abusing and imprisoning 12 of their children
Grand jury looking into whether ex-interior secretary lied to investigators
"Pentagon sending 1,000 more troops to the Mexican border"
"The SWAT team showed up at a Florida mayor's door. Then he started shooting, police say."
"Turpins plead guilty to abusing and imprisoning 12 of their children, could serve life sentences"
NYU social work school acknowledges 'institutional racism' after classroom episode
A court official failed to click a box - and a witness paid with his life
Heather Wilson's commitment to Trump's Space Force was questioned. Now she leads the effort to build it.
"'I have nothing to apologize for': Steve King blames 'dishonest' media for his troubles, seeks reelection in 2020"
"One twin was a citizen, the other undocumented. A victory in court for their same-sex parents rebukes the State Department."
"Charles Barkley's advice to Jussie Smollett: 'If you're going to break the law, do not write a check'"
"'Rule by tyranny': American-born woman who joined ISIS must be allowed to return, lawsuit says"
"Access to Mueller's report and evidence may be guided by Congress, Clinton email case"
"Told to leave, IS 'caliphate' holdouts in Syria stay devoted"
Venezuela opposition leader Guaido appears at aid concert
The Latest: Venezuela aid concert in Colombia wraps up
