Scott's standing among Hispanics faces test with Trump's demand for wall money
Trump wants to declare a national emergency to fund a border wall. Here's why it's unlikely to work.
Congressional Democrats blast Trump's aggressive pitch for border wall
"A diplomat paying her bills by writing eyeliner reviews? It's happening, America."
India's scientists are not amused by a claim that test-tube babies were invented thousands of years ago
North Korean leader Kim Jong Un visits China for summit with Xi Jinping
"To build border wall as a national emergency, Trump would need to tap existing military budget"
7 dead in shooting in Mexican city of Playa del Carmen
North Korea confirms Kim's departure to China for summit
The Latest: UN rebuffs Guatemala's pullout from commission
"Trump aides lay foundation for emergency order to build wall, saying border is in 'crisis'"
"National Weather Service is 'open,' but your forecast is worse because of the shutdown"
DeVos moves to boost college online learning while reducing oversight
Romanian engineer who saved condemned churches under communist rule
"Eugeniu Iordachescu, Romanian engineer who saved condemned churches under communist rule, dies at 89"
UN Security Council delays Congo session amid vote counting
Trump's shift on Syria leaves allies scrambling
A Christian ministry won't change its Christians-only criteria for foster-care parents. Is that okay with Trump?
The Latest: NKorea leader's motorcade leaves Beijing station
Three-car train of type used by North Korean leader Kim Jong Un arrives in Beijing following announcement of trip
The Latest: Nissan's Ghosn to tell Japan court he's innocent
Giving up gas: China's Shenzhen switches to electric taxis
"Guatemala pulls out of UN corruption body, expels members"
Asian shares mixed amid silence on China-US trade talks
"Yet again, Trump targets Obama's Middle East legacy"
Trump's shifting timetable on Syria leaves allies scrambling
India's Supreme Court reinstates investigative agency head
North Korean leader Kim Jong Un spends birthday in China for summit with Xi Jinping
Asian shares mixed as officials mum on China-US trade talks
Activists call on Australia to accept fleeing Saudi woman
"President Trump's desperate, nonsensical claim that Mexico is paying for the wall"
20 children injured in Chinese primary school attack
Opaque insurgency grinds on in gas-rich Mozambican region
German recession fears mount after more poor industrial data
German authorities say a suspect in the hacking of German politicians' data has been arrested
Pompeo starts Middle East visit to ramp up pressure on Iran
Turkey: 28 on trial over Russian ambassador's slaying
The strongest case for giving Democrats airtime after Trump's border wall address comes from abroad
"Germany: local leader of far-right party attacked, wounded"
US-led coalition pounds IS-held village in eastern Syria
"As Austria warns of snow, Germans, Dutch prepare for floods"
"Thai, Saudi officials meet over case of young Saudi woman"
Oil tanker explosion in Hong Kong kills 1 crew member
'I defend famous people': Paul Whelan's Russian attorney is used to the spotlight.
The Latest: Erdogan not to meet Trump aide in apparent snub
"Wanted by US, former Mozambican official appears in SA court"
Man injures 20 kids with hammer in Chinese primary school
"Singapore, Malaysia move to cool airspace and sea disputes"
"Amid US diplomatic push, Turkey's Erdogan says preparations almost done for operation against terror groups in Syria"
Power Up: Trump may be about to have his own 'pen and phone' moment
Hungarians are protesting their increasingly autocratic government. Here's why it matters.
America has more female lawmakers than ever - yet it still lags far behind other nations
The U.S. sends thousands of deportees each month to Mexico's most dangerous border areas
"Democrats worry that Trump is spreading border wall 'misinformation' on TV unchallenged. In Europe, that can be against the law"
Turkey appears to snub US; no assurances on Syrian Kurds
The Latest: Nissan's Ghosn tells Tokyo court he is innocent
Romania's top anti-graft prosecutor says fight must go on
Spain's Socialist PM takes political risk with spending plan
UK rules out Brexit extension as May seeks EU help on deal
The Health 202: Justice Kavanaugh will soon reveal his willingness to take on abortion cases
Egypt banned the sale of yellow vests. Are the French protests spreading?
Kim Jong Un shows Trump there are plenty more - or at least one more - fish in the sea
"Democrats worry that Trump is spreading border wall 'misinformation' on TV unchallenged. In Europe, that can be against the law."
Pakistan completes trial of alleged Czech drug smuggler
Italy government aids bank despite 5-Star bailout rhetoric
Global stocks track Wall Street; trade talks caution remains
NGOs appeal to EU to take in migrants stuck on their boats
The Finance 202: China standoff could end before U.S. government shutdown
The Daily 202: The wall has become the symbol of the Trump presidency - and his credibility gap
The Technology 202: Technology companies turn to apprenticeships in tight labor market
The Energy 202: Court ruling may give environmental activists more fodder against EPA
"Pence calls on Democrats in Congress to accede to wall-funding demand, end shutdown"
How the administration's breathless numbers about dangers on the border stack up
7 key questions about what President Trump's company faces in 2019
The Cybersecurity 202: How one key Democrat plans to watchdog offensive hacking operations
President Trump's nonsensical claim that Mexico is paying for the wall
Nissan's ex-chair Ghosn asserts innocence in first court appearance
"Bolton, on visit to Turkey to discuss U.S. withdrawal from Syria, receives public scolding from Erdogan"
India's lower house passes citizenship bill despite protests
Top Syrian Kurdish official says Kurds ready to fight Turkey
"Local leader of German far-right party attacked, wounded"
'Don't feed the fatberg': Huge fat mass blocks English sewer
Europe's top rights court to hear Belgian euthanasia case
"Kamala Harris says she was raised to fix problems, and Washington is a 'hot mess'"
British lawmaker: 'I do object to being called a Nazi'
Turkish leader Erdogan scolds and snubs Bolton over Kurdish fighters
Nissan's ex-chairman Ghosn asserts innocence in first court appearance
"3 killed in train collision in South Africa, responders say"
"The Latest: Man dies at Greek refugee camp, cause unknown"
Madagascar court confirms Rajoelina's win as president
Egypt repatriates smuggled ancient artifact from UK
The message from a president most Americans don't trust: Trust me.
Bipartisan governors group calls for immediate end to shutdown
Kirstjen Nielsen's illogical tweetstorm about terrorists at the border
Nissan ex-chairman Carlos Ghosn asserts innocence in first court appearance
Russian lawyer at Trump Tower meeting charged in separate case
Congo opposition says candidate 'presumed winner' of vote
Storm packing snow and rain paralyzes parts of Lebanon
US stocks rise again as investors hope for trade progress
Wave of violence in Brazilian state enters seventh day
EU blacklists Iranian intel service over assassination plots
"Single moms, small-business owners among those forced to crowdfund to pay bills during shutdown"
The message from a president most Americans don't trust: Trust me
Uber driver who killed 6 in bloody Michigan rampage shocks court with guilty plea
Kavanaugh will soon reveal his willingness to take on abortion cases
Court orders EPA to release Wheeler's contacts with outside groups
'I'm completely broken': A Boston Marathon bombing survivor who lost her leg is struck by car
Portuguese capital plans 2nd airport amid passenger boom
Former corruption prosecutor sues Romanian govt over firing
Egypt introduces price index for fuel linked to oil prices
UK military to remove roof from Skripals' house
Pence explains Trump's dubious claim: He's not lying; he just doesn't know any better
U.S. sends deportees to Mexico's most dangerous border areas
Did Iran plot 4 attacks in Europe? The Dutch government thinks so.
Turkey slams US request for assurances on Syrian Kurds
Mexico to regulate 370 illegal crossings on Guatemala border
Canadian consular officials visit detained Canadian in China
Bus driver in Canada crash that killed 16 pleads guilty
Syrian charged in slaying that energized Germany's far-right
Ocasio-Cortez called Trump a racist. The White House response may have proven her point.
Trump to make public case for border wall but not expected to declare emergency in Oval Office address
"Key parts of the Trump administration's border rhetoric are wrong, according to the Trump administration"
The Trump administration is downgrading the E.U.&#8217;s diplomatic status in Washington. That&#8217;s going to hurt.
'This president lies daily': Critics demand networks fact-check Trump's live immigration speech
U.S. greenhouse gas emissions spiked in 2018 - and it couldn't happen at a worse time
"Opus Dei paid $977,000 to settle sexual misconduct claim against prominent Catholic priest"
"Cyntoia Brown, sentenced to life as a teenager, will be set free. This is what she had to say."
Did Iran plot four attacks in Europe? The Dutch government thinks so.
Traffic jam rehearsals and 1 million bottles of wine: Britons prepare for a no-deal Brexit
New plans for Afghanistan would have Trump withdrawing fewer troops
Photos: Snow coats ancient monuments in Athens and even dusts some beaches in Greece
Far-right German lawmaker is severely beaten in Bremen
Truck driver in Canada crash that killed 16 pleads guilty
Violence in Brazilian state challenges government strategy
No new EU concessions as UK nears big vote on Brexit
Democrats launch fresh push for background checks for all gun sales
"After shutdown stalls payments from Trump&#8217;s farm bailout, USDA extends application deadline"
Ocasio-Cortez called Trump a racist. The White House response may have proved her point.
The Trump administration downgraded the E.U.&#8217;s diplomatic status in Washington. That&#8217;s going to hurt.
U.S. special envoy working on Persian Gulf disputes steps down
Heathrow airport briefly stops departures after drone sighting report
Former Nissan chairman Carlos Ghosn asserts innocence in first court appearance
"Winter storm blasts Europe; 13 dead amid heavy snow, gusts"
US stocks keep rising as investors hope for trade progress
The Latest: Takeoffs resume at London's Heathrow Airport
Supreme Court rules against mystery corporation from 'Country A' fighting subpoena in Mueller investigation
"Three presidents, three speeches - and an immigration debate that has grown coarser"
A Paul Manafort court filing just accidentally connected some big dots between the Trump campaign and Russia
Lawmaker who profanely called for impeaching Trump says she's sorry for the distraction - but not for her passion
A new link between the Trump campaign and Russian intelligence that's more evocative than definitive
Your fact-checking cheat sheet for Trump's immigration address
'I'm completely broken': Car hits woman who lost leg to Boston Marathon bomb
Kavanaugh will soon reveal his willingness to hear abortion cases
Court to EPA: Release Wheeler's contacts with outside groups
Court action limits shelf life for foie gras in California
The U.S. has more female lawmakers than ever - yet it still lags far behind other nations
The Trump administration downgraded the E.U. ambassador - and didn't tell him
UK Parliament moves to make 'no-deal' Brexit more difficult
"Fund for French boxer who punched officers raises money, ire"
Florida's Rick Scott sworn in as senator
The White House says the border wall would keep opioids out of the U.S. It wouldn't.
Heathrow airport briefly stops departures after report of drone sighting
Stocks rise again as investors hope for trade breakthrough
Historic Guatemala anti-corruption battle endangered
German rescue groups say migrants' health worsening on ships
Insurer: Calif. fire was costliest natural disaster in 2018
"As Congo delays election results, people's suspicions rise"
The Latest: Congo candidate warns not to 'play with fire'
How a little-known Democratic firm cashed in on the wave of midterm money
Stormy Daniels suggests counter-programming to Trump's address. It's her. In her underwear.
"Kavanaugh issues first Supreme Court opinion in unanimous, narrow case"
How 'justice is being put on hold' until the government shutdown ends
"Fingers crossed, strategists plan a Beto O'Rourke presidential campaign - without O'Rourke's input"
"The new era in Democratic politics, in one graph"
Trump wanted a big cut in troops in Afghanistan. New U.S. military plans fall short.
Greek far-left group claims bombing of Athens media offices
Historic Guatemalan anti-corruption battle endangered
The Latest: Congo police gather outside electoral commission
"The Trailer: On immigration, Democrats are the party of 2018 and Trump is the candidate of 2016"
