Lawmakers pay tribute to slain journalist Khashoggi 100 days after killing
'The story keeps changing': Trump falsely asserts he never promised Mexico would directly pay for the border wall
Louisiana adopts 'Netflix' model to pay for hepatitis C drugs
Pompeo assails Obama's 'mistakes' in sweeping Middle East speech
WorldViews: The black hole in Pompeo's speech? Saudi Arabia.
Pentagon searching for projects it could cut or delay if Trump declares emergency and directs military to fund border wall
House Republican leaders criticize Rep. Steve King for defending white nationalism
Michael Cohen to testify before House panel in early February
"Why 30,000 Los Angeles teachers are ready to strike over huge class sizes"
Nicaraguan supreme court justice resigns in protest
Gunmen kill 4 volunteers guarding southern Thailand school
Ikea announces plans to open first New Zealand store
"Australia praises Thai move on Saudi, concerned about player"
Sen. Kamala Harris defines her story as a potential presidential campaign nears
Scientists just got closer to solving one of astronomy's biggest mysteries
"Landslide engulfs children in central Indonesia, killing 1"
Taiwan leader appoints new premier following election loss
Reuters journalists challenge conviction under Myanmar state secrets act
The looming showdown between Maduro and Bolsonaro
Kyodo: ex-Nissan chair Ghosn indicted for breach of trust
Kyodo News reports Tokyo prosecutors have charged Nissan's ex-chair Carlos Ghosn with breach of trust
Myanmar court confirms conviction of Reuters journalists under state secrets act
Pompeo takes US anti-Iran message to Gulf Arab states
Myanmar court rejects appeal of jailed Reuters reporters
"Myanmar court rejects appeal from Reuters journalists, maintains 7-year prison terms in case tied to press freedom"
Elizabeth Warren's claim that minimum wage supported her family in the 1960s
Myanmar court shoots down appeal of Reuters journalists jailed under state secrets act
Catalan separatists threaten to nix Spanish govt budget
Once-prominent member leaves German far-right party
"Thai police: Canada, Australia willing to accept Saudi woman"
Hopes fade for 15 workers trapped in illegal mining 'rat hole' in India
Japanese IOC member investigated in France for corruption
US official says troop withdrawal from Syria has started
"In Kenya, grassroots efforts combat alleged police abuses"
UN expert: N.Korea nuclear talks should include human rights
"A U.S. military official says U.S. troops have begun the process of withdrawing from Syria, declines to discuss details"
South Africa's disgraced former leader is making a comeback
Why U.S. universities are shutting down China-funded Confucius Institutes
"One year after going viral, China's 'Ice Boy' has a new home and warmer school"
U.S. military announces start of Syria troop withdrawal
IOC marketing chair from Japan investigated for corruption
Pope to visit Romania in spring during busy 2019 travel
The Latest: Russia says US 'not serious' on Syria withdrawal
Power Up: Pence is in a tough position as Trump's shutdown messenger
Who&#8217;s disproportionately prosecuted for human trafficking? Young black men.
"An unarmed teen driver is killed by police, followed by a year with few answers"
"A new migrant caravan is forming in Central America, with plans to leave next week"
China broadcasts spacecraft pictures from moon's far side
Russia dismisses reports of prisoner swap with US
"The Cybersecurity 202: High schoolers must start training for security jobs to fill the talent gap, professors say"
The Health 202: It's not just drugmakers criticizing Trump's effort to lower Medicare drug spending
Shutdown situation bleak as feds rally against Trump at White House
Americans don&#8217;t want Trump&#8217;s border wall. This is what they want instead.
'A travesty to this nation': People are destroying Joshua trees in Joshua Tree National Park
Myanmar court rejects appeal of Reuters journalists jailed under state secrets act
Security staff to stage strike at Germany's biggest airport
US official says withdrawal from Syria has started
Lebanon to complain to UN over Israel building border wall
Supporters of Congo candidate gather to denounce 'fraud'
"Spanish police seize marijuana heading to UK, Netherlands"
Juventus coach says Ronaldo 'calm' as rape case goes forward
The Energy 202: Senate Democrats warn EPA may be 'afoul' of law by prepping Wheeler for confirmation during shutdown
The Finance 202: Trump's trade war is far from over
His lost his legs after an attack in Iraq. Now he's an international yoga instructor.
He claimed his car was stolen with his baby inside. Police now say he staged the kidnapping as a coverup.
Poland detains employee of Chinese tech giant Huawei on spying charges
Polish authorities detain and charge Huawei employee with spying amid concern that the tech giant is linked to Chinese espionage
The Latest: Congo's Fayulu to challenge vote in court
"7 dead, 5 critical in Cuban bus crash"
Pakistan says 5 arrested over attack on Chinese consulate
Poll: Faith in clergy's honesty tanks among US Catholics
Congo opposition candidate Fayulu says he will challenge presidential election results in court
Macedonia vote rattles government in neighbor Greece
The Technology 202: Civil rights leader warns against rolling back anti-discrimination rules in AI era
Trump claims that a national security exception allows him to block imports. Is he right?
Reports: several gay men and women detained in Chechnya
US official says withdrawal from Syria has begun
Death toll in Mexico border shootings rises to 24
The real collusion is [spins wheel] two people on TV using the same phrase
Left-wing group creates fund to oust Texas Democrat
The Daily 202: 'The last election was a wake-up call.' Why GOP leaders are turning on Steve King.
Shutdown may snarl 60-year study of wolves and moose
He lost his legs after an attack in Iraq. Now he's an international yoga instructor.
A Seattle TV station aired doctored footage of Trump's Oval Office speech. The employee has been fired.
"Seals on roads, seals in driveways, seals at front doors: A Canadian town faces a marine invasion"
"A year after going viral, China's 'Ice Boy' has a new home and warmer school"
French prosecutors pursuing corruption charges against head of Japan's Olympic committee
Thai immigration police chief says Saudi woman fleeing alleged family abuse to leave Friday night for Canada
Greek police search more campuses amid letter scare
Italian fashion houses get refashioned for future growth
The Latest: US withdrawal from Syria so far limited to cargo
Poll: Faith in clergy's honesty drops among US Catholics
Left-wing group creates fund to oust Texas Democrat from Congress
Trump administration to shutter Texas tent city for migrant teens
Cristiano Ronaldo's DNA sought by Las Vegas police in sexual assault investigation
Greek state school teachers clash with riot police in Athens
Thai police: Saudi asylum seeker is flying to Canada
The Latest: Thai police: Saudi asylum seeker going to Canada
"Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg has no remaining cancer, Supreme Court announces"
John Bolton and the Syria withdrawal PR mess
"House prepares to break for weekend, all but ensuring longest shutdown in U.S. history"
'Go home to mommy!': Trump Jr. shares doctored video of golf cart supposedly running over CNN's Jim Acosta
"After 70 years, Florida pardons four black men accused of rape by white woman"
"70 years after 'miscarriage of justice,' Florida pardons four black men accused of rape by white woman"
'Smiling face': Saudi teen fleeing family granted asylum in Canada
"Saudi woman who fled her family and used social media to appeal for refugee status granted asylum in Canada, Thai official says"
U.S. military announces start of Syria withdrawal
Lebanon to complain to UN over Israeli border wall
Pope goes on road trip to see cloistered nuns in Italy
Death toll in Mexico border shootings rises to 29
Macedonian lawmakers set to vote to change country's name
Congress approves back pay - eventually - for furloughed federal employees
"House breaks for weekend, all but ensuring longest shutdown in U.S. history"
The shutdown settles it: Donald Trump really is a terrible deal maker
John Bolton and the muddled Syria withdrawal mess
Is Steve King's rhetoric empowered by Trump? Or is it simply born of a similar place?
"Ned&#8217;s Atomic Dustbin, &#8216;Tantrum&#8217;: The Week In One Song"
U.S. lawmaker: All migrant teens transferred out of Tornillo tent camp
"Flu has sickened about 7 million in the U.S. so far, and half needed medical care"
'The last power these men have over women': Fate of Saudi teen sheds light on male guardianship laws
'Smiling face': Saudi teen fleeing family is granted asylum in Canada
The Latest: Canada grants asylum to Saudi woman
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau says Canada to grant asylum to Saudi woman fleeing alleged family abuse
The Latest: Macedonia backs name change to North Macedonia
"Macedonia approves constitutional changes to rename itself North Macedonia, finalizing its part of deal with Greece"
Thai police: Saudi woman flies to Canada to take up asylum
The Latest: Congo election official backs declared winner
"Donald Trump says he's a great negotiator. But on the shutdown, he's struggling."
Norway: Private tycoon goes public with wife's disappearance
"Mexico deploys 4,000 troops, choppers against pipeline theft"
"The Latest: Macedonian PM: Name change opens EU, NATO doors"
Maduro foe says he's ready to replace the president
Corruption trial urged for former French PM Fillon and wife
Mitch McConnell could end the shutdown. But he's sitting this one out.
Trump's plan to take money from Puerto Rico to build the wall could come back to bite him
"Trump says he is not looking to declare a national emergency 'right now' for border wall, urges Democrats to vote again on funding"
Saudi woman fleeing alleged abuse heads for asylum in Canada
The Latest: Macedonia's opposition decries name change vote
Greek minister criticizes police over clashes with teachers
Indian guru in prison for rape is convicted of murder
Macedonia approves deal to rename itself North Macedonia
"The Latest: NATO, EU support Macedonia's vote to change name"
'Could you make these guys essential?': Mortgage industry gets shutdown relief after appeal to senior Treasury officials
"Once again, Republicans outsource the work of explaining racism to Sen. Tim Scott"
Democrats used to call for new barriers on the border - and then some were built
Trump administration removes all migrant teens from giant Tornillo tent camp
Pennsylvania ex-priest sentenced in sexual abuse case to up to 14 years in prison
Death toll in Mexico border shootings rises to 30
Mexican president backtracks on military-led National Guard
Argentina isolates 85 people to quell hantavirus outbreak
The Latest: Syrian state TV reports air attack near Damascus
The Latest: Western nations asks Congo for election data
Trump seeks to enlist a key surrogate in political fight over his wall - Border Patrol agents
"Once again, Republicans rely on Sen. Tim Scott to speak against racism"
"Thief breaks into two State Department buildings, steals phones"
'Miscarriage of justice': Florida finally pardons four black men accused of rape in 1949
'The last power these men have over women': Fate of Saudi teen sheds light on guardianship laws
"Several reported dead, 17 injured in Ottawa bus crash"
UN proposal calls for monitors to oversee Yemen cease-fire
Syria says Israeli warplanes hit Damascus airport warehouse
