McGahn joins global law firm - and remains involved in Trump's judicial choices
"US closes Jerusalem consulate, demoting Palestinian mission"
Hungary's leader calls EU parliament critics 'useful idiots'
Charlottesville mystery: Who are the last two attackers of a black man in a parking garage?
Former worker's lawsuit targets Nevada's brothels
A massive aquifer lies beneath the Mojave Desert. Could it help solve California's water problem?
"A panhandler was accused of killing a woman. But her family staged the attack, police say."
14 killed after apparent tornado hits Alabama
New Zealand member of Islamic State expects to return home
"Indonesia, Australia to sign agreement to boost trade"
Xi firmly in charge as China turns to legislative season
Trump blames Cohen testimony for failed deal with North Korea
At least 22 killed after apparent tornado hits Alabama
Report finds widespread contamination at nation's coal ash sites
Indonesia and Australia sign pact eliminating many tariffs
Egypt releases prominent photojournalist after 5-year term
Pakistan says military to search for 2 missing climbers
Is a new Arab Spring on the way?
Hopes for missing Yazidis dim as Islamic State defeat looms
Man admits killing Airbnb guest in Australia over $149 bill
South Korea's Moon calls for quick resumption of nuke talks
Chinese rights lawyer returns home after 2-year sentence
Indonesia uncertain how many buried by mine collapse
"President Trump has made 9,014 false or misleading claims over 773 days"
"IS militants hiding behind civilians, slowing Syria attack"
Car rams into Israeli troops; 2 Palestinians shot and killed
US puts end to dispute with EU over diplomatic protocol
Indonesia court allows dam in orangutan habitat to proceed
Pakistani military helicopters search for missing climbers
Algeria president's offer to protesters fails to quell anger
US says closing consulate in Jerusalem no policy shift
Here's how perpetrators of crimes in Syria are being prosecuted
"At Germany's last nuclear base, fears of a new arms race as U.S.-Russia treaty collapses"
Slain Gdansk mayor's deputy wins by-election in Poland
Zimbabwe's youngest lawmaker faces subversion charge
Cambodian leader imposes deadline on lifting political bans
"John Hickenlooper, former Colorado governor, joins Democrats' 2020 slate"
Power Up: Trump returns to the role of campaigner-in-chief
The WTO just ruled against China's agricultural subsidies. Will this translate to a big U.S. win?
Egyptian photojournalist released after more than 5 years in prison
The Latest: Brexit talks between EU and UK set to resume
"Over 1,500 turtles found inside luggage in Philippines"
Iran's top leader warns against trusting Europe on nuke deal
Head of UN nuclear agency: Iran keeping to nuclear deal
Seoul calls for three-way talks after Trump-Kim collapse
The Cybersecurity 202: Commerce Department's pitch at RSA: Companies should publish 'ingredients' for their technology
The Health 202: Senators say they're serious about tackling surprise medical bills
"New study of 381,000 political speeches finds that liberals use more complex language than conservatives"
A student brought his baby to class because he didn't have child care. His professor lent a hand.
Pope to open World War II-era Vatican archives to scrutiny
Pope Francis to open World War II-era Vatican archives to scrutiny
British museum agrees to return emperor's hair to Ethiopia
Chinese state news agency says detained Canadians acted together in stealing state secrets
Germany to strip terror fighters of citizenship in future
The Energy 202: Climate change is Jay Inslee's top priority in Washington. How will it play in 2020?
Former attorney general Eric Holder says he won't run for president in 2020
Trump blames Cohen testimony in part for failed deal with North Korea
Pope: Vatican next year to open archives on wartime Pius XII
"Officials with U.S.-backed group fighting Islamic State in Syria say 500 people have surrendered, including fighters"
All missing from explosion in Nigeria's oil region are found
Yemeni rebels slam UK foreign secretary over his comments
Dutch ambassador recalled from Tehran amid dispute with Iran
The Daily 202: John Hickenlooper is the first in a string of moderate candidates expected to announce for president
"The Technology 202: As Lyft prepares to go public, legal and political challenges loom"
China accuses two detained Canadians of stealing state secrets
Hundreds leave IS-held area in Syria as fighting slows down
US warns Venezuela ahead of Guaido arrival
Palestinian president slams US administration from Baghdad
Pakistan-India train service resumes as border tensions ease
Fox News reportedly killed the Stormy Daniels story in 2016. It's downplayed it since.
"Juan Guaido attempts to reenter Venezuela, risking arrest"
Yemen's rebels slam UK foreign secretary over his comments
Trump prepares to tighten trade embargo on Cuba
The Latest: London deputy mayor: 'take pressure off' Brexit
Electric Jaguar wins Car of the Year in Europe
Germany to strip future terror group fighters of citizenship
Guaido says he is on his way home to Venezuela
House Democrats demand documents from more than 80 people and institutions affiliated with Trump
"Rand Paul's big rebuke of Trump's 'national emergency,' and why it could actually matter"
Fox News reportedly killed the Stormy Daniels story in 2016. It has played it down ever since.
The Trump administration quietly corrects its diplomatic slight of the E.U.
"Juan Guaido returns to Venezuela, risking arrest"
The Latest: UK and Spain back new tax rules for Gibraltar
Venezuelan opposition leader Guaido arrives at country's main airport after defying travel ban
US deploys advanced anti-missile system in Israel
Kavanaugh questions restrictions on churches using preservation grants
McConnell: Measure to block Trump's national emergency has enough votes to pass Senate
How Democratic 2020 candidates describe their own policy priorities
A former Russian spy was poisoned in Britain one year ago. The Kremlin still denies everything.
What is the Monroe Doctrine? John Bolton's justification for Trump's push against Maduro.
Guaido arrives in Venezuela as supporters gather to protest
French probe opened into police incident with disabled man
South Korea says FIFA approached on World Cup bid with North
EU takes step toward nixing summer-wintertime clock change
7 intriguing names on the list of Democrats' Trump-world documents requests
Roger Stone attorneys set to answer to U.S. judge Monday for new book amid gag order
Newport Beach students condemned for 'abhorrent anti-Semitic activity'
Roger Stone's attorneys set to answer to judge for new book amid gag order
Ex-boyfriend arrested in deadly spa bombing
Historically cold March temperatures are freezing a large part of the Lower 48
Watch an avalanche devour a Colorado highway in seconds
He said the explosives were for model rockets. Now he has been arrested and linked to a deadly bombing.
Nazi salutes and a swastika made of red cups: Newport Beach students condemned for 'abhorrent anti-Semitic activity'
The sweet spot on free college: Why 14 is the new 12
He stars in a new film about infiltrating an ICE detention center. Now ICE has locked him up again.
All the world's a stage in these photos of the 'theater of life'
Michael Jackson's estate battles assault claims in 'Leaving Neverland' with the star's classic concert videos
Fire and bombs amid the palm groves: This is what the final battle against ISIS looks like
"More than 1,500 live exotic turtles duct-taped inside luggage were found by customs officials at Manila airport"
The Latest: Guaido urges weekend Venezuela protests
Estonia's political landscape reshaped by far-right party
Trump symbolically tightens embargo on Cuba
UK leader visits Salisbury a year after Novichok attack
Rep. Omar's comments prompt House vote on anti-Semitism measure
House committees chairmen seek records on Trump-Putin communications
John Bolton tried to explain away Trump's Otto Warmbier comments - and it went poorly
"White House works to limit GOP defections, criticism ahead of vote to nullify Trump's emergency declaration"
"North Carolina sets new primaries, general election in scandal-plagued 9th Congressional District"
Online trolls won't leave Meghan alone. Now Britain's royal family is fighting back.
"%headline(In Brazil, carnival pays tribute to slain councilwoman"
"Study: Americans, Germans share similar international views"
1st US congressional delegation in 14 years visits Eritrea
Putin suspends Russian obligations under key nuclear pact
The Latest: UN calls for dialogue in Venezuela standoff
He said the explosives were for model rockets. Now he has been charged in a deadly bombing.
"Juan Guaido returns to Venezuela, addresses thousands at anti-government rally"
Online trolls won't leave Meghan and Catherine alone. Now Britain's royal family is fighting back.
Putin suspends Russia's obligations under 1987 nuclear pact
Hamas leader says Egypt is renewing Gaza mediation efforts
Russia accuses UK of denying access to ex-spy and daughter
"Guaido returns to Venezuela, calls for more street protests"
US to publish its own economic data on Puerto Rico
Report on Fox News's editorial decisions about Trump administration may give insight into GOP's approval of president
"After cold, busy month at border, illegal crossings expected to surge again"
U.S. judge declines to fast-track lawsuit brought by Alabama woman who joined Islamic State
"Guaido returns to Venezuela, addresses thousands at anti-government rally"
Another minister resigns over scandal that threatens Trudeau
"In Brazil, Carnival pays tribute to slain councilwoman"
"Mexican experts find cave, offerings at Chichen Itza"
France's Macron makes pro-European plea before EU elections
'Where are the women's teams?': Trump ignores women's champions in White House sports ceremonies
"'If all of that testing had been improving us, we would have been the highest-achieving nation in the world.' Here's what does work in school reform."
Netanyahu launches his election campaign under a cloud of legal troubles
Missing teen's family: is she buried in Vatican cemetery?
Algeria: Anger boils despite president's offer to protesters
Roger Stone attorneys say it 'did not occur' to them to tell judge about new book despite gag order
The 81 people and organizations just looped into the Trump probe - and why they were included
Rep. Omar's comments force Democrats to act on anti-Semitism measure
Jerome Corsi retracts and apologizes for 2018 story promoting Seth Rich conspiracy theory
"Surveillance cameras, suitcases and billionaires: How an inquiry into Fla. massage parlors unfolded"
Roger Stone's attorneys say it 'did not occur' to them to tell judge about new book despite gag order
"John Bolton, single-minded advocate, puts his stamp on the National Security Council"
"4 Americans, local pilot die in Kenya helicopter crash"
"Americans, Germans hold opposite views of nations' relations"
