Chelsea Manning sent to jail for refusing to testify in WikiLeaks case
SpaceX capsule successfully returns to Earth
"As Democrats investigate Trump, his allies in Congress go on offense"
GOP lawmaker tried to silence a black senator in a gun law debate. She stood her ground - and won.
"Trump budget to propose slashing domestic spending, boosting defense"
Oklahoma judge refuses to delay first trial of responsibility for opioid crisis
'It was really stupid': Jayme Closs kidnapping suspect reportedly admits crime in letter from jail
"Rapper Selfmade Kash bragged he was the 'GOAT swiper' of credit card fraud. 'In fact, he is not,' feds say."
"Crab legs sparked a brawl at a buffet. A day later and hundreds of miles away, it happened again."
US military official says diplomatic 'quad' is ongoing
Guatemala to open probe into ex-prosecutor turned candidate
Japanese woman honored by Guinness as oldest person at 116
"Is Paul Manafort's sentence too light? He fared worse than many fraudsters, data shows."
Satellite images suggest North Korea planned space launch even before Hanoi
Netanyahu campaign draws accusations of incitement
India asks Pakistan for concrete crackdown on terror groups
'Forbidden city' tells Germany's complex military history
"Patient opens fire at Prague hospital, wounds 2"
Nigerians vote for powerful governor posts amid some unrest
The Trump team's double standard on lying
Trump says the Democrats are 'anti-Jewish.' The numbers don't bear that out.
'It was really stupid': Jayme Closs kidnapping suspect reportedly confesses in letter from jail
Satellite images suggest North Korea planned space launch before Hanoi
Arrests in domestic terror probes outpace those inspired by Islamic extremists
How Nicolas Maduro has been able to cling to power
India returns key diplomat to Pakistan as tensions ease
Ebola treatment center in Congo is attacked again; 1 dead
Ebola treatment center in Congo is attacked again; mayor says a police officer killed
Police protection for German mayor threatened after killing
French yellow vest protests hold 17th weekend of marches
Will Brexit happen? When? And how? The uncertainty is maddening for business.
"As blackout eases, Venezuela braces for rival rallies"
Italian envoy confirms deaths of 2 climbers in Pakistan
Suicide car bomb attack in northern Syria's Manbij wounds 8
More than 80 injured in Japan ferry accident
Mixed blessing for cycling from Pope Francis
Alabama's Roy Moore is 'seriously considering' a 2020 Senate run
"Is the border actually lawless? This father and son are hiking all 1,954 miles to find out."
Jayme Closs kidnapping suspect reportedly confesses in letter from jail
UK official criticized after baby of IS teen dies in Syria
Pope meets with Mormon leadership in Rome to dedicate temple
"Yes, the Republican Party has changed since 2016. You think the Democratic Party hasn't?"
3 Ukrainian police injured in clash with demonstrators
Americans must soon register - but not get visas - to travel to some European countries
US-backed fighters could soon resume offensive against IS
Trump invokes new demand for extracting billions of dollars from U.S. allies
French yellow vest protests tense but no major clashes
"After a week of Twitter spats, the Democratic caucus does some soul searching"
"She joined ISIS as a teen, and Britain wouldn't let her return home. Now her baby has died."
"She joined ISIS as a teen, and Britain wouldn't let her back. Now her baby has died."
"More blackouts hit Venezuela as opposition, government rally"
French yellow vest protests tense despite dwindling numbers
'Parallel universe': The front-runner seeking to be Ukraine's president plays one on TV
Here's what you'll have to do to travel in Europe starting in 2021
"Soon, Americans will have to take an extra step to travel to some European countries"
Brett Kavanaugh said Congress should hold presidents accountable. William Barr agreed.
The man who developed timeouts for kids stands by his now hotly debated idea
Plane crash in central Colombia kills 12
"Nicaragua reveals peace talks agenda, doesn't budge on vote"
Ukraine police: 15 officers injured in clash with far-right
Nigerians vote for powerful governor posts amid unrest
