'Am I out of touch?': Trump administration struggles to show empathy for workers
"Trump says grocery stores, banks will give furloughed workers a break during shutdown"
'Adding risk into the system': Unpaid air traffic controllers driving for Uber
Authorities still don't know why a man opened fire in a Florida bank
Arctic outbreak possible next week as polar vortex targets northern U.S.
"Prolonged shutdown puts flying public at risk, officials warn"
Wilbur Ross says furloughed workers should take out a loan. His agency's credit union is charging nearly 9%.
"Pope in Panama blasts corruption, walls, prays for Venezuela"
"The Latest: Pope criticizes those who build walls, sow fear"
Maduro foe's next step awaited as power crisis deepens
Joe Biden faces the existential question: Is there a market for his 2020 campaign?
"Without a road map, Trump administration pins hopes on Venezuela's opposition"
Senators negotiate in hopes of ending shutdown as dueling plans fail
"Melbourne, Australia, set to roast on hottest day in decade"
Refugee group: Use frozen billions to aid world's displaced
"Venezuela's Guaido says he would consider amnesty for Maduro, allies if they help return Venezuela to democracy."
"With risks ahead, Trump administration pins hopes on Venezuela's opposition"
'Am I out of touch?': Trump administration struggles to show empathy for workers.
Border wall dispute and political dysfunction has snagged even popular programs
California fire officials find PG&E not responsible for deadly Tubbs Fire in 2017
Go to bed! Brain researchers warn that lack of sleep is a public health crisis.
'Your administration tore babies from their parents': Critics slam Sarah Sanders for Covington comments
'Risk in the system': Unpaid air traffic controllers driving Uber say second shift threatens air safety
Who is Juan Guaido?
Canadian police make 2 arrests in national security probe
'This is your fault': GOP senators clash over shutdown inside private luncheon
"Romeo, the last known frog of his kind, found a Juliet. Did they save their species?"
Trump administration to start sending asylum seekers to wait in Mexico
"Florida secretary of state resigns over blackface photos, ""Katrina Victim"" t-shirt"
13 dead as truck crashes into workers' huts in Bangladesh
"Melbourne, Australia, roasts on hottest day in 5 years"
Asian shares rise on optimism over China-US trade talks
"Backed by military, Venezuela's Maduro hits back at rival"
Pope brings World Youth Day to Panama's detained youth
HIV shelter outside Panama City readies for papal visit
The lesson of Davos: China has arrived
"Australia bakes in heat that's sparking fires, taxing grid"
Taliban bring top leader into talks with US
Sen. Warren says she doesn't 'take PAC money of any kind.' What does that mean?
"Iran holds infantry drill involving 12,000 troops"
Iran: US Navy veteran being held over 'private complaint'
"A global wave of protests is underway, as anger mounts among those who'll have to live with climate change"
"Jews, Germans and U.S. soldiers: Davos's strange World War II history"
2 divers win Australian award for Thai cave rescue
Kurdish lawmaker on hunger strike released from Turkish jail
German rescue ship allowed in Italian waters due to weather
Queen urges common ground in remarks seen as Brexit nod
"Eight years after Egypt&#8217;s revolution, here&#8217;s what we&#8217;ve learned about social media and protest"
"As youth anger over climate change mounts, protests increase around the globe"
"Death toll from Indonesian floods, landslides, climbs to 59"
Yellow vests and opponents gearing up for protests in France
Rescue for trapped Spanish boy reaches critical hours
Greek lawmakers to vote on Macedonia name change deal
A day-by-day reminder of how quickly presidential races can change
"Compared with recent presidents, Trump does not like to travel &#8212; except when he&#8217;s campaigning"
Congress is not enough for ambitious House lawmakers looking at 2020 bids
"Florida secretary of state resigns over blackface photos, 'Katrina Victim' T-shirt"
Power Up: Attention Wilbur Ross: Here's why federal workers are flocking to food banks
"Israel unearths a sacred Roman road in East Jerusalem, unsettling a Palestinian neighborhood"
UN human rights expert to visit Turkey over Khashoggi murder
Remains of explorer who first rounded Australia found in UK
Cyprus court rejects organ trafficking suspect's extradition
"Miners, environmentalists protest outside German coal talks"
Longtime Trump adviser Roger Stone indicted by special counsel in Russia investigation
3 takeaways from the Roger Stone indictment
Three significant changes emerged in Venezuela this week.
The Health 202: Policymakers are realizing health is about a lot more than just care
Unpaid federal employees recalled so they can pay federal contractors
Chinese leaders urge 'spirit of struggle' to face economic challenges
Pakistan to ease restrictions on visas to promote tourism
NATO chief says missile pact in danger after Russia talks
Ethiopia bans street begging by Syrians in growing numbers
Report says Dutch emissions cut target 'out of reach'
Zimbabwe's violent crackdown continues with reports of rapes
4 takeaways from the Roger Stone indictment
The Energy 202: Democrats blast Trump administration for oil and gas activities during shutdown
The Finance 202: Warren's wealth tax is fundamentally about fairness
The Cybersecurity 202: Microsoft chief urges Trump administration to stand with democracies in cyberspace
U.S. diplomats hunker down in Venezuela embassy amid standoff with Maduro
"As youth anger over climate change mounts, protests spread around the globe"
The Latest: Greek parliament passes name deal with Macedonia
US official: Some American diplomats have headed to airport to leave Venezuela amid standoff with Maduro
Greek parliament ratifies agreement changing Macedonia's name to North Macedonia
Erdogan: Turkey can go it alone to establish Syria safe zone
The Technology 202: Here's how 2020 hopeful Pete Buttigieg wants to help workers who could lose jobs to AI
Timeline: The Roger Stone indictment fills in new details about WikiLeaks and the Trump campaign
Three significant changes emerged in Venezuela this week
"Greece approves Macedonia name change, ending 28-year row"
India's election is fast approaching. Modi's expansion of affirmative action could win him votes.
Stop bickering about Brexit. The queen is not amused.
Central African Republic soccer boss appears at global court
Israel warns Ireland over bill boycotting settlement goods
The Latest: Macedonian PM congratulates Greek counterpart
"Roger Stone was in close contact with Trump campaign about WikiLeaks, indictment shows"
Senate leaders continue to seek a deal to end shutdown that will satisfy Trump
"The Daily 202: With a Godfather reference and a Nixon quote, Mueller accuses Roger Stone of witness tampering"
Paul Manafort in court to face Mueller probe allegations he lied after pleading guilty
A chance encounter between Colin Powell and a disabled veteran left them both inspired about America
Brother Parkland shooter Nikolas Cruz
"Kennedy, King, Malcolm X relatives and scholars seek new assassination probes"
Catholics want New York's Gov. Cuomo to be excommunicated for his abortion policy
Patton Oswalt got into a Twitter war with a Trump supporter - then helped pay his medical bills
"Superintendent charged with fraud after passing off sick student as her son for treatment, police say"
'The Good Place' has created a heaven and hell perfect for our time
Extreme Arctic outbreak possible next week as polar vortex targets northern U.S.
U.S. diplomats hunker down in Venezuela amid standoff with Maduro
The multiweek heat wave in Australia is blasting through records and threatening wildlife
The Latest: French businesses get ready for 'no-deal' Brexit
Japan court upholds sterilization to register gender change
Buchenwald memorial bans German far-right AfD from ceremony
Greek lawmakers ratify Macedonia name-change deal
"Roger Stone, 'The Godfather' and what it means to 'do a 'Frank Pentangeli'"
"Senate leaders continue to seek a deal to end shutdown that will satisfy Trump, as airport delays heighten urgency"
"At least 14,000 unpaid IRS workers did not show up for work as broad shutdown disruption hits tax agency, according to House aides"
A list of the alleged and admitted crimes undertaken by people associated with the Trump campaign
Scientists say these 'frozen' alligators aren't dead. They're still creeping people out.
'Today was a rough day for the ice disk': A mysterious Maine phenomenon weathers a chain saw attack
A pharma exec invited a troubled young lover to move in. It ended in a deadly shooting.
An off-duty cop met up with two other officers. One fatally shot her in the chest.
The mishandling of the MAGA teens story shows why I gave up on mainstream media
"Charles Kettles, who received Medal of Honor five decades after rescuing 44 men in Vietnam, dies at 89"
The most notable rebuke of China at Davos didn't come from a Trump ally. It came from George Soros.
"'It's going to be worse': As Venezuela's crisis grew, more babies died"
Saudi Arabia asked the world to forget Khashoggi at Davos. It's working.
The explorer who literally put Australia on the map is found buried beneath a London train station
Ordinary people lived in a replica of Soviet times. Were they abused for art in a daring new film?
Swedish teammates help save man's life before WCup training
Report: Dutch emissions cut target 'out of reach'
The Latest: Young inmate to pope: 'I caused very deep pain'
Pope blasts 'invisible walls' in bringing youth fest to jail
"Tourist plane, helicopter crash over glacier in N. Italy"
Longtime Trump adviser Roger Stone says he's falsely accused after indictment by special counsel in Russia investigation
"Once again, a major development in the Mueller probe 'has nothing to do with the White House'"
Roger Stone's indictment thickens the Russia collusion plot
"Roger Stone, 'The Godfather' and what it means to 'do a ""Frank Pentangeli"" '"
Here are the 3 big shifts in Venezuela that you probably missed &#8212; and will change what comes next.
Paul Manafort faces sealed Feb. 4 hearing on Mueller probe allegations he lied after pleading guilty
"When drag queens lead children's story time, 'a lot of hugs' - and controversy - follow"
"5 die in crash of plane, helicopter over Italian glacier"
Police in Canada charge minor with terrorism
Portugal: Prime minister asks if skin color shaped questions
"Italian alpine rescue officials say midair collision of tourist plane and helicopter kills 4, seriously injures 2"
Pope blasts 'invisible walls' in ceremony at youth jail
"As shutdown continues, Republicans praise Trump as 'pragmatic, energized'"
Poll: Majority of Americans hold Trump and Republicans responsible for shutdown
"Congressional leaders, Trump reach tentative deal to temporarily reopen government without wall funds, according to Hill officials"
"Ice-T, &#8216;6 &#8216;N The Mornin&#8217;: The Week In One Song"
47 migrants stranded off Sicily as Italy refuses entry
AP PHOTOS: Czech dog sled race hit by severe weather
"Yellow vests, opponents gearing up for protests in France"
Nigeria president appoints acting chief justice
"Trump announces deal for government to reopen for three weeks, ending longest shutdown; no money for his border wall"
What Roger Stone's indictment means for collusion
"When drag queens lead children's story time, hugs and controversy follow"
FDA identifies contamination source in blood pressure medicines
FDA identifies contamination source in blood pressure medicines used by millions
FBI director blasts 'mind-boggling' shutdown impact in message to unpaid employees
"For now, Pentagon on margins of American response to Venezuela crisis"
UN envoy: No prospect Rohingya refugees can go home soon
Mexico: US to send back 20 migrants daily in new asylum plan
Mexico says the US plans to return 20 migrants a day to stay in Mexico while asylum claims considered
Dueling Venezuela leaders dig in defending presidency claims
The Latest: : US applauds Greek approval of Macedonia deal
"Trump just ran into a woman who told him, 'No,' and he backed down. How will that play with his base?"
"'It's better to be infamous': Even under indictment, Roger Stone relishes his time in the spotlight"
Trump again mentioned taped-up women at the border. Experts don't know what he is talking about.
"Trump just ran into a woman that told him, 'No,' and he backed down. How will that play with his base?"
"Post-ABC poll: Trump disapproval swells as president, Republicans face lopsided blame for shutdown"
Trump learns an old lesson: Shutdowns are bad and hard to win
Bill Gates comes to Washington - selling the promise of nuclear energy
Mexico rebukes - but accepts - 'unilateral' U.S. move to return asylum seekers pending hearing
200 reported missing after Brazil dam collapse
Vandals smash Greek university's memorial to Jewish cemetery
Tech and high-growth stocks take US indexes higher
Nigeria's leader suspends chief justice 3 weeks before vote
The Latest: UN chief congratulates Greece on Macedonia deal
"Senate approves bill to reopen the government, the first step to ending the nation's longest shutdown"
"Trump just ran into a woman who told him 'No,' and he backed down. How will that play with his base?"
The Latest: UN's 20-year envoy on name dispute cheers vote
"Tech rises, but four-week winning streak for stocks ends"
The Latest: Crews inches away from trapped Spanish toddler
From Roger Stone to the end of the shutdown: A quick guide to today's head-spinning news
Trump's poll numbers with women and independents have tanked since November
"Dinosaurs, fossils and the experts who study them have all waited for an end to the shutdown"
This weekend brings the best Mid-Atlantic ski conditions of the season so far
A Jewish family was booted from a flight over 'body odor' - but says anti-Semitism is to blame
Denver school system threatens to report to U.S. any teachers working on visas who join a strike - but then takes it back and apologizes
"D.C., Virginia have two of four finalists for 2019 National Teacher of the Year"
"FAA delays flights at New York&#8217;s LaGuardia airport, citing staffing shortages amid government shutdown"
Dam holding back mine waste collapses in Brazil; 200 missing
Asylum seekers worry new US policy will mean more waiting
"Even with shutdown deal, federal workers likely won't see back pay until next week"
"Roger Stone, 'The Godfather' and what it means to 'do a ""Frank Pentangeli"""
"As the shutdown draws to a close, thousands of disabled federal contract workers are still in limbo"
Canada envoy says it would be great if US drops Huawei case
"Dam with mine waste collapses in Brazil; 7 dead, 200 missing"
2 UN peacekeepers killed in attack in central Mali
"Minas Gerais governor says 7 bodies recovered after Brazil mine collapse, 200 people missing."
Construction starts on $2.3B highway across Turkmenistan
