Search for Brazil dam survivors renews as death toll hits 58
The Latest: Pro baseball tournament moved from Venezuela
Ex-mayor tries to end decades of 2-party rule in El Salvador
The Latest: Death toll in Brazil dam collapse rises to 58
'It feels like we are still hostages': Federal contractors who lost health insurance during shutdown remain in limbo
Sen. Kamala Harris formally opens her presidential campaign with a mix of unity and blunt talk about race
"Former Starbucks chief Howard Schultz confirms interest in independent 2020 bid, as Democratic worries rise"
Sen. Marco Rubio disputes that U.S. would support a coup in Venezuela
Search continues for hundreds missing in Brazil dam collapse
Bomb blasts at cathedral in Philippines kill at least 20
The Latest: Opposition leader urges more Venezuela protests
Mexico: 10 dead in community police clash in Guerrero state
Rivals Maduro and Guaido vie for Venezuelan military backing
Mexico officials make arrest in slaying of radio journalist
'Conversations with a Killer: The Ted Bundy Tapes': What to know about the Netflix docuseries
Duke professor warns Chinese students of 'unintended consequences' if they don't speak English on campus
Detained Chinese human rights lawyer sentenced to 4 ^half years
Duterte to visit site of bombings that killed at least 20
"Duterte to see site of fatal bombings, Abu Sayyaf suspected"
"Australia: China has caused ""anxiety"" in disputed waters"
The Latest: Brazil seeks dam collapse victims; toll at 58
Japan PM vows to step up China ties but bolster defense
Honduran lawmaker faces defamation trial after naming names
Firefighters search mud after Brazil dam collapse; 58 dead
"Australia: China has raised "" anxiety"" in disputed waters"
Trump's Venezuela gambit stirs debate over regime change
Pakistani lawyer returns home to defend Christian woman
"Pilot's disorientation, lost awareness cited in Nepal crash"
Iraqis amid Mosul's silent ruins fear the loss of a dialect
US envoy briefs Afghan officials on talks with the Taliban
France's Macron to press Egyptian president on human rights
"Disoriented pilot, bad runway approach cited in Nepal crash"
Trump's fantasy claim that Michael Cohen's hush-money payments were no crime
Bahrain court upholds life sentences for opposition figures
Dubai keeps rank as world's busiest international airport
Nissan says it's 'cooperating fully' with inquiry by US SEC
Weeklong taxi strike against Uber snarls traffic in Madrid
Cuban president says on Twitter that a tornado in eastern Havana has killed 3 people and injured 174
Probe begins into cause of Dutch gas blast that injured 10
Papua rebels fire at aircraft in Indonesia; 1 dead
Prominent Chinese human rights lawyer sentenced to 4^half years
U.S. trade negotiators want to end China's forced tech transfers. That could backfire.
'Want to see the Lincoln bedroom?': Trump relishes role as White House tour guide
Power Up: Round Two: Can Trump and Democrats make a deal on border funding?
The divide on Venezuela: Who's supporting Maduro and who's following the U.S. lead in recognizing Guaido
Beirut's fearless drag queens defy Middle Eastern conservatism
Macedonia's name change - what does the country have to do?
"Duterte visits site of fatal bombings, Abu Sayyaf suspected"
The Latest: Company that inspected Brazil dam works on probe
"Singapore says American leaked 14,200 HIV records"
Rare red panda goes missing from Belfast Zoo
The Cybersecurity 202: The government's cyber workers are back in action. First task: Checking for hacks
"The Health 202: Top advocacy group says Democrats should improve existing health coverage laws, not write new ones"
There is massive outbreak of terrorism by Brazil&#8217;s prison gangs. This is what explains it.
Lasting damage remains from Trump's shutdown folly
"Midway through first term, Trump is not meeting the public's modest expectations for his job performance, poll finds"
Afghan president calls for direct talks with Taliban; U.S. tentatively agrees to withdraw troops
Chinese court hands rights lawyer 4 1/2 -year prison sentence
President Ghani assures Afghans as US envoy reports progress
Malaysia defiant despite being stripped of Paralympic event
"The Latest: Resident: Havana looks like ""a horror movie"""
Australia: China has raised 'anxiety' in disputed waters
German official rebuffs call for halt to emissions checks
The Energy 202: Bill Gates is selling Washington on the promise of nuclear power
Afghan president calls for direct talks with Taliban; U.S. tentatively agrees on framework that could lead to troop withdrawal
Macron presses Egypt on human rights during visit
Brazilian president has surgery to remove colostomy bag
Rare red panda found after escape from Belfast Zoo
Tehran slams UAE for treatment of Iran's businesses in Gulf
"The Latest: Cook: Havana tornado absolutely ""frightening"""
Ancient wine cellars discovered in Egypt's Nile Delta
Trump offers encouragement for state efforts to teach Bible literacy in public schools
Trump tweets that Howard Schultz lacks the guts and smarts to be president
The Technology 202: Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez is using her social media clout to tackle bias in algorithms
The divide on Venezuela: Who's sticking with Maduro and who's backing Guaido
"John Bercow, the sharp-tongued speaker of the House of Commons, is changing the rules - and maybe Brexit"
U.S. tentatively agrees on framework with Taliban that could lead to troop withdrawal; Afghan president calls for direct talks with insurgents
"At the UAE gender equality awards, all the winners were men"
European Union presidency to back Macedonia accession talks
"Tornado hits Havana; Cuban president says 3 dead, 172 hurt"
Bulgaria revokes citizenship for Russian tycoon Adonev
"Scores of civilians, fighters depart IS stronghold in Syria"
The Daily 202: The Koch network donor retreat turns touchy-feely
U.S. inches closer to deal with Taliban that could lead to American troop pullout; Afghan president calls for direct talks with insurgents
Poland opens probe into anti-Semitic incident at Auschwitz
Zimbabwe leader angered by video of security forces' abuse
UK leader under new pressure to secure EU Brexit concessions
ECB: Trade peace would remove big drag on eurozone growth
Death toll rises to 115 in Mexico pipeline fire
Hillary Clinton advisers keep floating another run in 2020. It would be nearly unprecedented in the modern political era.
Howard Schultz is looking at an independent presidential bid. Would he have a shot?
Brazil&#8217;s prison gangs are launching massive terrorism attacks. This explains why
UN envoy arrives in Yemen after deadly weekend attack
Egypt pardons Briton jailed for smuggling pills
Pakistan court to review acquittal in blasphemy trial
Soccer activists campaign for release of Bahraini refugee
Toshiba unveils robot to probe melted Fukushima nuclear fuel
"As small hospitals ally with big ones, do patients benefit?"
Tom Brokaw apologizes after saying 'Hispanics should work harder at assimilation'
A baker made a 'Build that Wall' cookie for Valentine's Day as a 'joke.' People were not amused.
Moscow sees a lot of snow. But the snow-eater is for special occasions.
Underwater search for plane to begin in Channel this weekend
Macron raises human rights on visit to Egypt
Greece: Anti-racism law invoked in Jewish memorial vandalism
Gunmen kill 14 in Burkina Faso's Sahel region in 2 attacks
Federal employees return to backlog of work after 35-day shutdown
"Eric Trump takes aim at media, 'incompetent' lawmakers after reports of firings of undocumented workers at father's golf club"
Activists call on Education Secretary DeVos to take action for 'menstrual equity' in schools
Zac Efron as 'Hot Ted Bundy': A 'romanticized' serial killer? Or a convincing one?
Would a Howard Schultz presidential bid help reelect Trump? Experts disagree.
"'Maybe I didn't return her phone call': Trump ridicules Ann Coulter, slams Fox News in fallout over wall"
Florida metal hunters found a World War II-era grenade - and brought it to a local Taco Bell
Venezuela official: US in talks to improve frosty relations
Brazilian president comes out of surgery
The Latest: Vale shares tank after Brazil mine breach
US envoy: 'Agreement in principle' on Afghan peace talks
The Latest: Havana hit by Category F3 tornado
Kamala Harris is aiming for the Obama coalition that Hillary Clinton wasn't able to win
Barr still refuses to pledge to release Mueller probe
"20 lies and alleged lies the Trump team has told in the Mueller probe, dissected"
7 questions about Trump's use of undocumented workers at his golf courses
Coldest air in decades arrives Tuesday in Midwest with 'life-threatening' wind chills
"Comedian says Border Patrol agents pulled him off Greyhound bus to check his status, then told him his papers were fake"
Boar-der security: Denmark builds a wall to keep out German swine
U.S.-Taliban talks hint at change in Afghanistan. Here's why.
"German leader Merkel gets Fulbright, stresses cooperation"
The Latest: Vale says lawyer not speaking for company
Plans to privatize Puerto Rico power after Maria hit snag
Israel suspends observer mission in West Bank city
A deadly tornado plowed through Havana on Sunday night. Here's how it happened.
Brexit: Theresa May and Parliament fight for control
Chinese court hands rights lawyer 41/2 -year prison sentence
Greek bishop convicted over comments attacking gays
The Latest: Canada to host regional meeting on Venezuela
Pelosi invites Trump to deliver State of the Union on Feb. 5
GOP senator says Trump wants a 'simple' border wall deal
Pelosi invites Trump to deliver State of the Union on Feb. 5 in the House chamber
Roger Stone claimed more force was used on him than the Bin Laden and El Chapo raids. Nope.
Trump administration announces sanctions on Venezuela&#8217;s state-owned oil company to try to force President Maduro to step down
"In Denmark, they're building a wall - to keep out German swine"
"U.S., Taliban closer to deal that could lead to American withdrawal from Afghanistan"
"With Brexit looming, May and Parliament fight for control"
A deadly tornado struck Havana on Sunday night. Here's how it happened.
"Justice Dept. charges Huawei with fraud, ratcheting up U.S.-China tensions"
Canada's foreign minister says why China envoy fired
Italy to seek court ruling Dutch must deal with migrant boat
"Strongest tornado in 8 decades hits Cuba; 3 dead, 172 hurt"
Romanian president blasts politicians at Holocaust ceremony
The Latest: Rubio says US to sanction Venezuela's oil co
"Mueller investigation is &#8216;close to being completed,&#8217; acting attorney general says"
Roger Stone claimed more force was used on him than at the bin Laden and El Chapo raids. Nope.
"'We may never know why': Iowa teen is found dead days after leaving home, police say"
"In Denmark, they're building a wall - to keep out German boars"
"Rescuers search in deep mud after Brazil dam breach, 60 dead"
"Mueller investigation is 'close to being completed,' acting attorney general says"
"The divide on Venezuela: Who's supporting Maduro, and who's following the U.S. lead in recognizing Guaido"
Nigeria denies judge's suspension influenced by election
Toll rises to 12 from shootout in Mexico's Guerrero state
Quake shakes Colombia's capital; no reports of damage
The Latest: Death toll in mining dam collapse rises to 65
The Latest: UN chief renews offer to help talks in Venezuela
Trump accepts invitation from Pelosi to deliver State of the Union on Feb. 5
"At Koch gathering, a turn away from partisan politics"
Michael Cohen taps new lawyers and agrees to another closed-door congressional appearance
Chinese court hands human rights lawyer 41/2 -year prison sentence
The Latest: Envoy says no UN membership for Palestinians now
"Amid mass arrests, Maduro won't touch rival Guaido"
