Democratic drive for gun control reflects rapidly changing political dynamic
"Fla. ex-felons reclaim voting rights, ready to be 'like every other American citizen'"
Traffic rehearsals and 1 million bottles of wine: Britons brace for no-deal Brexit
Analysis: 'Nazi' chant at British lawmaker comes as passions flare up around Brexit
U.S. special envoy for Persian Gulf disputes steps down
Trump administration downgrades European Union envoy without telling him
Turkish rebuke of Bolton highlights troubled effort to sell U.S. plan for exit from Syria
Trump to make public case for border wall but is not expected to declare emergency in Oval Office address
"Democrats threaten to subpoena Whitaker over Mueller probe, discussions with Trump"
House Democrats demand Treasury explain rollback of sanctions on Russia oligarch
'Chuck and Nancy' present a united front in challenging Trump on border wall
Can Trump declare an emergency and start building a wall? Maybe.
"In emotional interview, Opus Dei spokesman says he 'hated' how prominent priest's sexual misconduct case was handled"
Tapped-out pipelines cause gas shortage in Mexico
"Trump makes humanitarian case for wall, calling border situation 'a crisis of the soul'"
"Trump's prime-time address on the border wall shutdown, annotated"
Kim Jong Un's motorcade heads out on day 2 of China trip
Trump's frustrated sales pitch on the border wall reverts to his oldest political tactic: Fear
Trump used the Oval Office to try to create a border crisis
Nissan unveils new Leaf car after Ghosn's arrest delays it
S. Korea freezes Japan company assets over forced labor spat
Trump calls wall only solution to 'growing humanitarian crisis' at border
"Amid warnings of dangerous immigrants, Trump paints an incomplete and misleading picture"
New York City mayor vows health care for all - including undocumented immigrants
Police seeking DNA of male staff at health-care facility where woman in vegetative state gave birth
Opus Dei spokesman says he 'hated' how prominent priest's sexual misconduct case was handled
U.S. lawsuit by Post journalist seeks $1 billion in damages from Iran to deter taking of hostages
Australia police examining suspicious packages at consulates
Foreign consulates evacuated in Melbourne as Australian officials note multiple 'hazardous material' events in city
Fact-checking President Trump's Oval Office address on immigration
Thailand is no friend to asylum seekers. So why did it let a Saudi teenager stay?
Taiwan announces new-look military drills to counter China
Huge crowd of Filipino Catholics gathers amid terror fears
"Colombia's peace court weighs truth, justice and mistrust"
"US, China extend talks on trade battle for 3rd day"
"U.N. refers case of Saudi woman who fled her family to Australia, setting the stage for the government to consider her resettlement"
The cone of silence around China's Muslim 'gulags'
The Latest: Australia considering resettlement for Saudi
Australia says it is considering granting Saudi runaway refugee resettlement based on UN referral
No more than 1 wife: Israel looks to tackle Bedouin polygamy
"Saudi asylum-seeker refuses to meet father, Thai police say"
"China allowing 2,000 ethnic Kazakhs to leave Xinjiang region"
Australia will consider resettlement case of Saudi teen fleeing her family
The Latest: Kim Jong Un's train departs Beijing
Maldivians asked to report on possible graft of prior gov't
North Korean leader Kim Jong Un's train seen leaving Beijing after two-day visit to Chinese capital
"On Capitol Hill, prime-time speeches only pushed parties further apart"
Military: Rebel killed in gunbattle with Indonesian troops
Afghan envoy hopes 2019 to be year of peace for Afghanistan
Israel awards Patriots owner Kraft the 'Jewish Nobel' prize
Australia police examining packages left at consulates
"US, China wrap up talks on tariff battle"
"Reports: On Mideast trip, Pompeo makes unannounced Iraq stop"
Italian minister in Poland seeking allies in EU elections
Venezuela's crisis deepens by the day. But Maduro is celebrating the start of six more years in office.
Russia says 'understanding' reached on doping data for WADA
Kim Jong Un heads home via train after 2-day Beijing visit
Australia considering resettlement for fleeing Saudi woman
Kurds' ambitions caught in power games
Power Up: Trump's zigzag approach to shutdown and Syria reveals breakdown in process
Having the most diverse Congress ever will affect more than just legislation
Avalanche risk in Austria grows as snowfall continues
Ex-Israeli minister charged of Iran spying to serve 11 years
Chinese warships make friendship visit to Cambodia
Norway: Businessman's wife abducted; ransom demanded
"On his Mideast trip, Pompeo makes unannounced Iraq stop"
The Cybersecurity 202: How the shutdown could make it harder for the government to retain cybersecurity talent
How do you cope with Trump's shutdown?
The Health 202: There are real humanitarian problems for migrants the Trump administration isn't fixing
Should the major networks have aired Trump's immigration speech? Many on the left say absolutely not.
Security tight as Congo prepares to release vote results
The Latest: EU official welcomes deal on 49 rescued migrants
Iran supreme leader calls US officials 'first-class idiots'
Malta to take stranded migrants off boats in EU deal
Shutdown impasse: Trump heads to the Hill after Oval Office address
The Technology 202: Self-driving car companies at CES say: Safety first
Liz Cheney says Christian Bale blew his chance to play 'a real superhero' - her father
The Daily 202: The new Russia revelations are more consequential than Trump's newsless immigration speech
The Finance 202: Investors shrug off government shutdown. For now.
"Rod Rosenstein expected to leave the Justice Department if attorney general nominee is confirmed, but timeline is unclear"
Would you eat insects to help save the planet? These companies are betting yes.
Rosenstein expects to leave Justice Dept. if new attorney general is confirmed
Russian lawyer in Trump probe denies US charges against her
The Latest: Father denies abusing fleeing Saudi daughter
The Latest: Germany expects to take 60 migrants from Malta
"The Latest: South Africa, Zambia pressure Congo on vote"
"Jeanne Augier, French Riviera luxury hotel owner, dies at 95"
The Energy 202: Oil industry worries about Trump trade and shutdown standoffs
How do you cope with Trump's shutdown? Speech didn't help
"Pipeline conflict tests how Trudeau balances energy, environment, indigenous rights"
"Kim Jong Un meets Xi, tours a Chinese medicine plant"
Trump administration downgrades E.U. envoy without telling him
"Kim Jong Un meets Xi, tours a Chinese medicine plant, then goes home."
"Pipeline conflict tests how Trudeau will balance energy, environment, indigenous rights"
Italy's Salvini seeks to build new European order with Poles
Leading Egypt activist sentenced to 15 years in prison
Kurdish party: 162 inmates on hunger strike in Turkey
The Latest: Congo activists to people: Be ready to protest
Trump has never known how to work with Congress
"As shutdown continues, so does damage to U.S. science"
Theresa May's Brexit plan appears headed for defeat next week
Pompeo meets with Iraqi leaders during unannounced stop in Baghdad
Record number of migrant families arrested while crossing U.S. border in December
"Germany, France set to sign new cooperation accord"
Kurds capture 8 jihadis including US teenager
Poles protest govt plan for mass slaughter of wild boars
Israel says it can foil foreign election meddling amid scare
Stocks rise along with optimism over US-China trade talks
The administration is manipulating the shutdown to mitigate Trump's most harmful PR problems
Border Protection officer's union sues Trump administration over shutdown after missed paycheck
Fox News keeps ignoring the effects of the second-longest government shutdown in history
"GOP Rep. Will Hurd on border wall shutdown: 'If this is a crisis, the people that are dealing with this crisis should get paid'"
Meteorologist fired for using racist slur for Martin Luther King Jr. says it was an accident
"Already reeling from tariff war, some farmers aren't receiving government support checks amid shutdown"
"For months, he said his wife was too busy to answer the phone. A massacre revealed the truth."
"California man learns $10 million reason not to tell your roommate if you win the lottery, police say"
Schools tackle anxiety over food and fees as shutdown shows no sign of ending
Highway and transit projects grind to a halt as the shutdown continues
U.S. Supreme Court rejects Republican bid to delay redistricting in Virginia
"Florida ex-felons reclaim their voting rights, ready to become 'like every other American citizen'"
Will the government shutdown affect your next flight?
The Australian prime minister has two left feet - thanks to Photoshop
South African judge: Arrest of Mozambican official was legal
Security tight as Congo poised to release election results
Cambodian opposition politician applies for lifting of ban
The Latest: Congo says provisional vote results coming today
Bosnian Serbs celebrate day that kicked off devastating war
"UN welcomes tepid Yemen cease-fire, urges further progress"
Obama Border Patrol chief to Trump: 'Stay the course' on the border wall
Trump threatens to cut off FEMA aid to California for forest fires
New York mayor to unveil plan requiring paid time off for workers
"Man learns $10 million reason not to tell your roommate if you win the lottery, police say"
"Britain's latest 'fatberg,' a mass of grease and wet wipes, is longer than 6 double-decker buses"
Russia irked by Japanese statements on long-disputed islands
Norwegian police: Missing wife of tycoon was abducted
US says airstrike in Somalia kills 6 al-Shabab extremists
French protesters want to set off bank run with withdrawals
'Another low': Democrats blast Trump for threatening to cut wildfire aid to California
Shutdown impasse: Trump says shutdown can last 'whatever it takes'
'Too scared to ask if I'll be able to run again': Boston Marathon bombing survivor is struck by car
"Britain's latest 'fatberg,' a mass of grease and wet wipes in a sewer, is longer than 6 double-decker buses"
Iran says it is holding US Navy veteran
"Airbus deliveries up, sales down after challenging year"
President calls on Mexicans to help in battling fuel thefts
India establishes job quotas for poor upper caste members
"UN says some 30,000 people flee new Nigeria fighting"
Walls are the foundation of civilization. But do they work?
Trump just undermined his own border-wall 'national emergency'
Who shared fake news during the 2016 election campaign? You&#8217;ll be surprised.
"Federal employees in unpaid status safe from defaulting on TSP loans, for now"
Iran confirms arrest of U.S. Navy veteran
Justice Dept. charges former Gitmo chief with obstructing death probe
"The Latest: Russian, Turkish defense ministers discuss Syria"
The Latest: S. Korea ambassador says Trump-Kim summit likely
UN envoy: No new Yemen talks until major progress on Hodeida
"Anatoly Lukyanov, ex-Soviet parliament speaker, dies at 88"
Corey Stewart is leaving politics. It's another sign Virginia is moving left.
"Shutdown impasse: After meeting with Senate Republicans, Trump says GOP is 'totally unified'"
Two women charged with sexually assaulting a transgender woman in a N.C. bar's bathroom
Guantanamo Bay's former chief accused of trying to hinder probe of worker's death
Gas stations in Mexico run out of gas as government cracks down on fuel theft
Coast Guard families told they can have garage sales to cope with government shutdown
China ambassador accuses Canada and allies of racism
"Pompeo, in Iraq, seeks to reassure Kurds on Syria withdrawal"
"Iran says it holds US Navy veteran, 1st arrest of Trump era"
Trump threatened to cut California wildfire aid. He may not have the authority to follow through.
Shutdown impasse: White House meeting ends quickly over wall funding dispute
"That sophisticated, specific Russian 2016 voter targeting effort doesn't seem to exist"
Australia's prime minister has two left feet - thanks to Photoshop
Gas stations in Mexico run dry as government goes after fuel theft
Britain's latest sewer 'fatberg' of grease and wet wipes is longer than 6 double-decker buses
European countries reluctantly resolve what to do about rescued migrants - until next time
"Kim Jong Un meets Xi, tours a Chinese medicine plant, then goes home"
Populist leader in Italy sees kinship with French protesters
Debate over renaming nation enters final days in Macedonia
House votes to protect health-care law as Democrats put GOP on record
Operative who led White House bid for Sanders would take smaller role in 2020
Border Protection officers sue Trump administration to get pay missed during shutdown
Trump's claim that black Americans are hurt most by illegal immigration gets pushback
Corey Stewart bows out of politics with a message Democrats will love
"Shutdown impasse: 8 House Republicans break with Trump on shutdown strategy, back Democrats' plan to reopen Treasury without new border wall funds"
"Democratic donor Tom Steyer, a vocal supporter of impeaching Trump, is not running for president"
Who was most likely to share fake news in 2016? Seniors.
Russian firm barred from U.S. networks as a spy threat helped the NSA nab suspect in massive breach
"Opposing leaders in Guyana meet, agree to new elections"
Brazil's new far-right president blasts UN migration pact
A beefed-up White House legal team prepares aggressive defense of Trump's executive privilege as investigations loom large
Supreme Court considers whether predecessors made a mistake 40 years ago
"After a months-long impasse, 30,000 Los Angeles teachers are set to strike"
"The Weather Service is open 24/7, forecasters are working without pay, and it's taking a toll"
Turkey and the Kurds turn to Russia to solve problems sparked by U.S. exit from Syria
Justice Dept. charges former Guantanamo chief with obstructing death probe
The Latest: Congo marks midnight waiting for vote results
