"Maryland Gov. Larry Hogan, in Iowa and not running for president - yet"
John Bolton puts his singular stamp on Trump's National Security Council
"Mystery winner finally claims $1.5 billion Mega Millions jackpot, ending months of speculation"
"Surveillance cameras, suitcases and billionaires: How an investigation into massage parlors unfolded in Florida"
Purdue Pharma says opioid lawsuit by Mass. attorney general amounts to 'oversimplified scapegoating'
"U.S. tightens Cuban embargo, allowing legal claims for confiscated property"
Leading minister resigns over scandal that threatens Trudeau
Trump vowed 'A Plus' relief for Alabama. That's not what California and Puerto Rico heard.
HUD Secretary Ben Carson says he intends to leave his post at the end of President Trump's first term
House committee chairmen seek records on Trump-Putin communications
21 states file suit to block Trump administration's abortion 'gag rule'
Questions abound after Trump threatens to strip funding from colleges that don't support free speech
The Latest: Red Cross warns of crisis at Syrian camp
"No signs of 2 Italian, Scot climbers seen on Pakistan peak"
HUD Secretary Ben Carson says he intends to leave his post at the end of Trump's term
"A decade after the first person was cured of HIV, a second patient is in long-term remission"
Honduran prosecutors allege fraud in dam project
Kim returns home after failed nuclear diplomacy with Trump
"Crash of double-decker bus in Hong Kong kills 2, hurts 16"
Philippines: US more likely to figure in war at sea than us
Activists campaign for treaty to end violence against women
Japan's Kyodo News service says a Tokyo court has okayed release of detained Nissan ex-chairman Carlos Ghosn on bail.
Guaido returns to Venezuela and a new phase in campaign
Can America's ties to Europe be saved?
Authorities warn wildfires threaten Australian towns
"No signs of Italian, Scot climbers missing on Pakistan peak"
Slain black councilwoman remembered during Brazil Carnival
"Search for Italian, Scot climber resumes on Pakistan peak"
Philippines worried it may get involved in war at sea for US
What is socialism?
Final IS defeat looms as thousands leave last area in Syria
EU center-right group to mull kicking out Orban's party
Iran reveals FM wanted to resign over Assad visit to Tehran
The Latest: Lamborghini rolls out new convertible
Macron's plea for Europe gets backing outside French borders
"Pakistan's navy says it spotted, warned Indian submarine"
Sen. Jeff Merkley opts out of Democratic presidential contest and will run for reelection to Oregon seat
Sudan's unlawful state of emergency
"Pakistan, on verge of eradicating polio virus, faces human hurdles"
"Thousands surround Albania parliament, demand new elections"
Suspect in Belgium's Jewish museum attack claims innocence
UN says Burundi forces closure of its rights office there
Libya's national oil company to reopen major oil field
Stockpiling helps shore up UK economy ahead of Brexit
Germany charges Russian man over alleged extremist bomb plot
Hillary Clinton puts to rest lingering speculation about a White House bid but says she'll keep speaking out
Power Up: Cracks show in wall of Republican support for Trump
Four in ten Africans are deeply committed to democracy. That's the good news.
"The Latest: Mixed response, audience to Macron pro-EU plea"
Polish leader says adopting euro is not the priority
KFC dedicates China restaurant to memory of Communist hero
German minister: Cyprus valued partner in EU defense project
Why are urban and rural areas so politically divided?
The Health 202: Obamacare remains unaffordable for some. But Congress doesn't plan on fixing it.
"The Cybersecurity 202: Trump's efforts failed to make critical infrastructure safer from cyberattacks, experts say"
Are nuclear weapons keeping the India-Pakistan crisis from escalating - or making it more dangerous?
Roger Stone's attorneys say it 'did not occur' to them to tell judge about book despite gag order
It's official: India is Trump's next target in the trade wars
Belarus leader says he wants closer ties to NATO
The Latest: Pakistan arrests key suspects in Kashmir attack
Killings of teens spark UK debate over rising knife crime
Former White House lawyer Ty Cobb calls Mueller an 'American hero' and 'class act'
T-Mobile acknowledges its patronage of Trump's Washington hotel increased sharply after announcement of merger with Sprint
The Energy 202: Oil giant makes business case for taking climate change seriously
4 in 10 Africans are deeply committed to democracy. That's the good news.
"ACA premiums rise beyond reach of older, middle-class consumers"
"Pakistan's vaccinators no longer fear armed attacks, but they face another hurdle: Skeptical parents"
China's rulers batten down the hatches as the economy slows
Pakistan arrests 44 militants in new crackdown on extremist groups
China's Communist Party is battening down the hatches as the economy slows
The Latest: German vice-chancellor backs Macron's EU plea
Official: Rocks as big as trucks fell on Indonesian miners
Macron's plea for Europe lays down battle lines for May vote
The Latest: Wife says French husband in IS died of wounds
Trump goes into election season facing a steeper climb than the past three incumbent presidents
Trump says Democrats investigating him have 'gone stone cold CRAZY'
The Technology 202: Google pressured to denounce censorship after report ignites questions about China plans
A school bet its future on paintings appraised at $2.8 million - then learned their real value
"Trump met Putin in Helsinki. More than 200 days later, will we ever find out what they said?"
Stabbing of guards at French prison treated as terror attack
Crane falls off Italian gas platform in Adriatic; 1 dead
US official says Lebanon at difficult economic crossroads
"Back in Venezuela, Guaido prepares to meet state workers"
"Swedish navy boat hits quay; 7 injured, 2 seriously"
"On Trump's potential obstruction of justice, a former White House lawyer offers a telling quote"
The Daily 202: Growing bipartisan alarm in Congress over measles outbreaks amid falling vaccination rates
Britain's royal family takes aim at online trolls
New UK centrist group aims to become a political party
"Arata Isozaki wins Pritzker for designs blending East, West"
Italian premier leaves open a possible OK for rail tunnel
Thousands on strike in Sudan calling for president's ouster
The Latest: French minister praises Macron's realist EU view
The intractability of Ilhan Omar's identity in Trump's condemnation of her comments
"Ocasio-Cortez defends Omar, criticizes Democrats over anti-Semitism resolution"
Chelsea Manning fights subpoena in WikiLeaks investigation
The Latest: Russia accuses US of holding Syrian refugees
Sri Lanka government boosts budget ahead of elections
The Latest: Czech PM not a fan of French president's EU view
20 charged in Greece over summer wildfire that killed 100
Europe and the U.S. are at odds over Iran. Cuba may be next.
Counterterror police examine 3 explosive devices in London
Prominent French jihadis killed in IS-held area in Syria
UN condemns violence against detained migrants in Libya
"Egypt, Tunisia, Algeria FMs take part in talks on Libya"
Chelsea Manning fights subpoena in Wikileaks probe
"The 20th atmospheric river of the season is set to drench California, again"
A great forecast but a deadly tornado tragedy in Alabama. What went wrong?
Two young sisters were lost in the woods. They used their wilderness training to survive.
"After 28 years together, this couple married in a hospital chapel when he was told he was dying of cancer"
Spy vs. spy: How Scientology and the CIA battled 40 years ago
A grandfather died playing Pokemon Go. Now the security guard who shot him is headed to prison.
"A 'staggering' 30,000 teachers in Oklahoma have left the profession in the past 6 years. Here's why."
"Measles vaccine doesn't cause autism, says a decade-long study of half a million people"
"Sacramento police arrest reporter, 84 protesters at march against Stephon Clark shooting"
"ACA premiums rising beyond reach of older, middle-class consumers"
A school bet its future on paintings worth $2.8 million - then learned their real value
House intelligence panel hires former racketeering and organized crime prosecutor to run Trump probe
Guaido appeals to Venezuelan public-sector workers to join anti-government movement
"U.S. doesn't yet have a plan to prevent Russia from building more missiles as treaty collapses, top general says"
Islamic council rejects Israeli court closure at holy site
Pope Francis' visit to Morocco to focus on migration
Mexican townspeople block police raids on fuel theft gang
Sen. Rand Paul says government should not force people to receive vaccinations
"White House hopeful Bernie Sanders signs loyalty pledge to run, govern as a Democrat"
Democrats' criticism of Ilhan Omar suggests little room for diversity on Israel
'Shame': Democrats slam Republicans over Trump judicial nominee's support for overturning Obamacare
The latest Lent challenge for churches: Give up plastic
Too many of America's public schools are crumbling - literally. Here's one plan to fix them.
"Spiders in South America cause 'surprising amount of death,' study says"
"'Like someone took a giant knife and scraped the ground': Alabama, Southeast reel after deadly wave of tornadoes"
"Pakistan's vaccinators no longer fear attacks, but they face skeptical parents"
"U.S. lacks plan to keep Russia from building more missiles as treaty ends, top general says"
Denmark has been called the best country for women. But a new report says it has a 'pervasive rape culture.'
Emmanuel Macron pushes European 'renewal' to counter nationalism
Czech man mauled to death by his pet lion
AP Interview: Czech PM praises Trump ahead of meeting
"Back in Venezuela, Guaido asks state workers for support"
Coalition accuses Yemen's rebels of breaking cease-fire
"'Victory for equal pay': Judge rules Trump administration must require companies to report pay by gender, race"
Judge warns Roger Stone of 'costs and consequences' for his new book release amid gag order
"Most Americans think Trump committed crimes, believe him less than admitted liar Michael Cohen"
White House rebuffs House Democrats' request regarding security clearances
"In a church's ashes, firefighters find unexpected survivors: Bibles, untouched by flame"
"Family migration, already at record levels, rocketed to new high in February"
Seven members of one family among 23 dead in tornado outbreak; Trump will head to Alabama
Renewed Trump 'sanctuary cities' crackdown ruled illegal
New accusation of sex abuse against Chile's Catholic church
New York state regulators subpoena documents from Trump Organization's insurance broker following Cohen testimony
'Grab that record': How Trump's high school transcript was hidden
Former New York mayor Michael Bloomberg bows out of 2020 Democratic presidential contest
"In reversal on Syria, Trump tells lawmakers he agrees '100 percent' that some U.S. forces should stay"
Agency vacancies stymie work and neglect federal employees
'The silence is deafening': Major brands avoid Trump even as he promotes them from the White House
The extensive effort to bury Donald Trump's grades
New York state regulators subpoena documents from Trump Organization's insurance broker after Cohen testimony
"National Guard to supply Puerto Rico islands with food, gas"
UN chief: South Sudan cease-fire largely holding but fragile
"Teen deaths stir knife crime debate in UK, which limits guns"
"Trump plans to nominate D.C.'s U.S. attorney, Jessie Liu, for Justice Dept.'s No. 3 job"
Special counsel disputes Paul Manafort's claims about prosecution
The Trailer: Democrats aren't worried about 'electability.' Why not?
'I'm not running': Hillary Clinton puts to rest any speculation about a White House bid
'Everyone here is family': School mourns three young children killed in Alabama tornadoes
Justin Trudeau's rise to power seemed charmed. Now he faces a fight for his political life.
"Juan Guaido, interim president or opposition leader?"
Venezuela's adversaries seek to show resolve in crisis
