Rohingya refugee influx inspires Bangladeshi aid - and worry
Vice President Pence throws his weight behind Va. GOP gubernatorial candidate Ed Gillespie
'There's no peace': The toll of opioids
Hillary Clinton: Americans elected 'someone who admitted sexual assault'
Pence throws his weight behind Va. GOP gubernatorial candidate Ed Gillespie
"Death toll in Vietnam flooding, landslides rises to 68"
"Opposition, government vie for votes in polarized Venezuela"
"Austrian vote could tilt country right, install young leader"
'I am ready': Mata Hari faced a firing squad for spying - and refused a blindfold.
"As Austria heads to the polls, the far right eyes what may be this year's biggest European success"
Roadside bomb kills 4 Pakistani soldiers near Afghan border
Death toll from blast in Somalia's capital rises to 53
"Death toll from blast in Somalia's capital rises to 53, security and medical sources say"
Afghan police say they foiled major attack in capital
Israel PM blasts police chief over investigation leaks
"Austria vote could tilt country right, install young leader"
US-backed fighters begin final attack in Syria's Raqqa
Kellyanne Conway is a terrifyingly quotable Pennywise the clown in SNL's biting sketch
Opioid Power Play: The drug industry's triumph over the DEA
"Pope adds 35 saints to church, nearly all martyrs"
Yes or No? Catalan separatists face critical answer to Spain
Saudi officials says fire in capital kills 10
South Sudan is a disaster. Its president says: Not my fault.
Greek clerics ring church bells to protest gender rights law
Merkel's party seeks to win fourth German state in a year
The Latest: Red Cross says 4 volunteers dead in Somali blast
The drug industry's triumph over the DEA
Macedonia: Local polls a test for new left-wing government
"Wild elephants attack Rohingya camps, kill 4 in Bangladesh"
"In Africa, LGBT rights activists worry about Trump impact"
The Latest: US condemns 'cowardly' attack on Somali capital
US-allied forces begin final assault on IS in Syria's Raqqa
"Philippine, Australian forces stage sea drill as ties deepen"
Pope convenes meeting in Rome for Amazon region's bishops
"Wild elephants attack Rohingya camp, killing 4 in Bangladesh"
Death toll from blast in Somalia's capital rises to 189
"AP Analysis: Iran angered by Trump, but needs nuclear deal"
The Latest: Somalia explosion's death toll up to 189
"Toll from largest-ever truck bomb in Somalia's capital rises to 189 dead, more than 200 injured, say police."
"Almost half of Republicans want war with North Korea, a new poll says. Is it the Trump Effect?"
Opposition vies for landmark victory in polarized Venezuela
"The Latest: 1 journalist killed, others hurt in Somali blast"
GOP lawmakers walk the line between defying Trump and alienating their base
The Latest: Spain minister says 'not too late' for Catalonia
"Hurricane Ophelia heads toward Ireland, then UK"
Does breast-feeding really decrease my cancer risk?
"If a woman freezes her eggs, will her future babies be normal?"
I'm getting horrible hot flashes. What can I safely do about them?
Should women older than 18 get the HPV vaccine?
Why do some doctors refuse to give women IUDs?
Should pre-menopausal women be concerned about anemia?
Are women's heart attacks really that different from men's?
Pimples are for teenagers. So how come I'm still getting them?!
Disabled chefs serve as model for change in Morocco
Pakistan says Indian fire in Kashmir kills 2 children
Kabul police foil potentially massive suicide attack near university for engineering
Iraqi Kurds say border crossings with Iran closed
"Trump says he's fulfilled his promises to Christians, but he really means white evangelicals"
This investigation into Congress's ties to the drug industry shows everything people hate about Washington
Russian medical team in Yemen to treat ex-president
'It's a dark day for us': Somalia reels from deadliest blast
"Ten miles of California's loveliest countryside, transformed by fire"
The Latest: Death toll in Somalia blast rises to 231
"Death toll in Somalia's worst-ever attack rises to 231, senator says; 275 injured"
Sen. Collins: Trump needs to realize his words matter
Death toll continues to rise as California wildfires burn on
Truck bombs in Somalia's capital kill at least 189
Taliban denies rescued Canadian hostage's accusations
Death toll from blast in Somalia's capital rises to 231
"'I'm intact,' Rex Tillerson says of his standing in Washington"
"Gynecology museum's 4,500 items tell an interesting and odd medical tale"
The Latest: UN envoy calls Somalia attack 'revolting'
The Latest: Venezuela leader urges vote to show 'democracy'
Kabul police foil potentially massive suicide attack near engineering university
Sen. Susan Collins: Trump needs to realize his words matter
Ballot projections give Austrian parties that campaigned on tightening migration early lead in national election
How dirty campaigning and fake Facebook sites came to dominate the Austrian election
Austrian election yields a hard right turn as conservative and nationalist parties gain
The Latest: Qatar embassy 'severely damaged' in Somali blast
"'I've got to stay,' Pelosi says, to defend Obamacare"
Washington-area appointments and promotions for Oct. 16
Initial results show Austria tilting right in national vote
Governing party candidate wins Kyrgyz presidential vote
Germany's center-left Social Democrats are projected to win an election in the northern state of Lower Saxony
The Latest: Center-left incumbent leading German state vote
Rep. Tom Marino: Drug czar nominee and the opioid industry's advocate in Congress
Suspected IS militants kill 3 soldiers in Egypt's Sinai
"Young minister's party leads Austria vote, bodes right turn"
Opposition decries 'illegalities' as Venezuelans go to the polls
North Korea lawmaker: Need nukes because of US threat
Researchers sound alarm over Antarctic penguin chick deaths
231 killed in deadliest single attack in Somalia's history
Ireland and UK brace for impact of Hurricane Ophelia
Trump national security team preaches calm over Iran deal but warns U.S. might still leave
Social Democrats projected to win north German state vote
"People's Party head Sebastian Kurz declares victory in Austrian election, on track to become Europe's youngest leader"
Liberia's presidential election likely to need runoff vote
Islamic State mounts final stand in Syria's Raqqa as surrendering fighters stream out
Nigeria says no plan to issue visas on arrival for Africans
"Ophelia, strongest eastern Atlantic hurricane on record, roars toward Ireland"
The Latest: Venezuela election chief downplays problems
Israel to probe foreign funding of human rights groups
Suspected IS militants kill 4 soldiers in Egypt's Sinai
UK coast guard comes to aid of struggling dog in North Sea
Partisan clash on Obamacare raises specter of government shutdown
Suspected IS militants kill 6 soldiers in Egypt's Sinai
"Leftist leader, relatives slain in southern Mexico"
"Amid evangelical support, Israel toasts ties with Christians"
Tyrol residents reject Innsbruck's 2026 Olympics bid
Don't like your kids tethered to screens at school? Why not ask questions?
The Latest: US calls Somalia attack 'senseless and cowardly'
"The ironic, enduring legacy of banning 'To Kill a Mockingbird' for racist language"
Austria turns sharply to the right in an election shaped entirely by immigration
France gave Weinstein its highest honor. Macron says he's taking it back.
Innsbruck won't bid for 2026 Winter Games after referendum
Suspected IS militants kill 7 soldiers in Egypt's Sinai
"Election produces likely right turn, young leader in Austria"
Commitment affirmed: Colleges pledge to continue work on assault prevention
Somalia's decade-long battle against extremists hits grim milestone after huge blasts
"Las Vegas shooting victim, struck in the head, wakes from coma and walks"
"France: Macron challenges Trump on Iran, disowns Weinstein"
Center-left party projected to win north German state vote
The Latest: Death toll from Somalia blast rises to 276
"Death toll from explosion in Somalia's capital rises to 276, information minister says"
Californians wonder why Trump isn't tweeting about the fatal wildfires
Did Trump's tweet make it safer for NFL players to kneel for the anthem?
"People love to live in places that are at risk for disasters, 'and this is what happens'"
Who is Joe Rannazzisi: The DEA man who fought the drug companies and lost
Somalia's decade-long battle against extremists hits grim milestone in huge blasts
276 killed in deadliest single attack in Somalia's history
Interior looks at behind-the-scenes land swap to allow road through wilderness refuge
Trump national security aides insist U.S. word is still good after Iran deal put on notice
Austrian poised to become Europe's 1st millennial leader
The Latest: Some Venezuela polling stations stay open late
"For some massacre survivors and their families, there is no leaving Las Vegas"
"Iraqi forces launch operation for Kurdish-held oil fields, military base"
Sessions sending lawyer to prosecute transgender murder case
