Powerful lobbyist Tony Podesta steps down amid Mueller's Russia probe
Washington prepares for the unexpected as Russia investigation unfolds
Tillerson and Mattis tell Senate panel no need for new war authorization
"Climate change fueling disasters, disease in 'potentially irreversible' ways, report warns"
Congressional Republicans tiptoe carefully around charges leveled by Mueller
U.S. pledges $60 million to build new African counterterrorism force
Colombia leader thanks Canadians for supporting peace effort
Samsung Electronics logs record-high profit on memory chips
Paul Manafort's 'lavish lifestyle' highlighted in indictment
4 big things we still don't know about the Papadopoulos-Russia plea deal - and 3 things we do
Who's who in the George Papadopoulos court documents
Powerful Democratic lobbyist Tony Podesta steps down after Manafort indictment
John Kelly refuses to apologize for false attacks on Florida congresswoman
Seoul says South Korean and Chinese presidents will hold summit talks about improving countries' strained ties
"Claim planned to keep power, water at Australia's PNG center"
South Korea says Moon will hold summit talks with China's Xi
Papua New Guinea warns Australia's detainees to leave base
The Latest: China says it's talked with SKoreans about THAAD
Black Lives Matter award spotlights Australia racial issues
"In unprecedented move, EPA to block scientists who get agency funding from serving as advisers"
Tokyo police say they have arrested a man after finding multiple bodies packed in coolers in his apartment
Thailand cancels passports of ousted prime minister
Tokyo police arrest man after finding bodies in apartment
Sailors who braved months lost at sea finally reached land. But parts of their story are facing doubt.
"Tokyo police arrest man, find multiple bodies in apartment"
The Latest: Injunction filed to keep Australian center open
Indigenous candidate draws surprising support in Mexico
Conservative megadonors fund populist ads
The Latest: S. Korean biz group welcomes Seoul announcement
How conservative media reacted to the Mueller indictments
Mueller to Trump: Be afraid. Be very afraid.
Injunction sought as Australian refugee camp closure looms
Prince Charles and Camilla kick off Asia tour in Singapore
Did Russia obtain '20 percent of our uranium' ?
China may mandate prison for disrespecting national anthem
"SKorea, China move to resolve disputes and hold summit talks"
New Zealand moves to ban foreigners from buying homes
John Kelly calls Robert E. Lee an 'honorable man' and says 'lack of compromise' caused the Civil War
India's oldest fossil of a Jurassic sea monster could tell us how they roamed ancient seas
"Tokyo police find multiple bodies in apartment, arrest man"
"The Latest: Japan's Abe, NATO chief discuss North Korea"
Scientists discover India's oldest fossil of a Jurassic sea monster
President Trump's associates have been indicted. Can Trump himself emerge unscathed?
"The repeated, incorrect claim that Russia obtained '20 percent of our uranium'"
"For Kurds in Baghdad, the failed Kurdish independence bid provokes an identity crisis"
Access to food 'precarious' for Syrians stranded near Jordan
"Japan central bank keeps policy intact, cuts price outlook"
"Boat carrying fleeing Rohingya Muslims sinks, at least 4 die"
Legislator sued for calling Turkey leader 'fascist dictator'
IMF projects deficits of $320B for Mideast oil exporters
"Xi laid down his cards, now its Trump's turn to play his hand in Asia"
South Korea and China move to normalize relations after THAAD conflict
Iran holds air force drill in heart of its nuclear region
Cambodia court denies bail for jailed opposition leader
"Sony profits soar on image sensors, games, ""Spider-Man"" film"
5 things to know about Pyeongchang Winter Olympics next year
Another Australian lawmaker may be out in citizenship crisis
German police foil attack plot with arrest of Syrian man
"For first time in decade, UK interest rates are due to rise"
"Xi laid down his cards, now it's Trump's turn to play his hand in Asia"
China says it still wants US co-operation on climate change
Q&#038;A for federal workers: New policy on discipline
"Screams, torture and so much blood: The gruesome world of 19th-century surgery"
Kurdish official denies Iraqi forces control Turkey crossing
1 million Kenyan students write exams in election aftermath
Officials: Mortar shell kills 4 civilians in Egypt's Sinai
Iran Guard: Supreme leader limiting ballistic missile range
Democrats differ on how to talk about Mueller probe on the campaign trail
Rights groups criticize 'inhuman' Dutch terror jails
Syria activists say 4 children killed in government shelling
UN names new Myanmar resident coordinator
Burberry's Christopher Bailey to leave iconic British brand
'This is a nothing burger': How conservative media reacted to the Mueller indictments
"How the Protestant Reformation led to Martin Luther King, Jr."
UN environment report urges revived effort to cut emissions
China says it still wants US cooperation on climate change
Norway: Body found in Russian chopper crash in Arctic
Kenyan man arrested over Australian wife's murder released
Spain's Supreme Court says it has agreed to hear rebellion case against ousted Catalan separatist lawmakers
Libyans accuse Egypt of bombing civilians in Darna
The Daily 202: 10 takeaways from Mueller's shock-and-awe gambit
A proposal in New Zealand could trigger the era of 'climate change refugees'
Belarus opposition leader Statkevich detained
Catalonia's ousted president arrives at Brussels Press Club for news conference amid asylum speculation
Why Halloween is especially spooky for many teens: College App Anxiety.
"The Latest: Kenya economy suffering, business group says"
Talk about it or ignore? Democrats grapple with how much to say about Mueller probe
"Catalan's ousted leader, in Brussels news conference, calls for people to 'avoid violence,' says 'dialogue' is priority"
The Finance 202: Wall Street shrugs off Mueller indictments
A look at Trump's border wall prototypes
"A gritty Turkish crime drama, inspired by 'The Wire,' finds an enthusiastic audience"
Kremlin: Attempts to tie U.S. investigations to Russia 'baseless' and 'ludicrous'
Germany marks 500th anniversary of church's Reformation
Catalonia's ousted president says he would return home 'immediately' if a fair judicial process was guaranteed in Spain
Libyans accuse Egypt of bombing civilians in eastern city
Catalonia's ousted regional president says he's in Belgium to act 'in freedom and safety'
"Catalonia's ousted leader says that Spain wants 'us to abandon our political project, and they won't achieve it'"
Catalonia's ousted regional president says he's not in Belgium to seek political asylum
The Health 202: Trump's administration has proposed its biggest changes yet to Obamacare plans
Sam Clovis's really bad excuse for greenlighting a Trump campaign meeting with Russians
Catalonia's deposed leader Carles Puigdemont vows to continue independence fight from outside Spain
"Martin Luther shook the world 500 years ago, but did he nail anything to a church door?"
Reports: UK police widen investigation into Harvey Weinstein
Syria activists say 7 children killed in government shelling
"Greece finally growing, but taxes crushing new businesses"
Post-vote Kenya braces as opposition leader set to speak
Strong quake strikes eastern Indonesia; no immediate damage
Afghan official: Suicide attack in central Kabul kills 3
"The Energy 202: Clean energy investment needs to triple to halt catastrophic warming, finds new report"
Professor named in Russia disclosures says he has 'clean conscience'
Bosnia says terror suspect extradited to US
Egyptian government's youth event slammed on social media
Professor named in Russia disclosures says he has 'clear conscience'
'Professor' in Russia disclosures says he has 'clear conscience'
The Latest: Odinga vows further protests after 'sham' vote
The Latest: UN environment chief: US will uphold Paris deal
"Facebook's bigotry problem predates Russian meddling in election, civil rights groups say"
Strong quake hits eastern Indonesia; minor damage reported
Suicide bomber kills 5 near US Embassy in Afghanistan
"Egypt airstrikes kill militants, destroy vehicles"
"Trump diminishes Papadopoulos, former foreign policy adviser, as a 'young, low-level volunteer'"
The Trump administration's soft spot for the Confederacy
HHS drafts rules to give states more control over ACA marketplace coverage
Anti-Semitic stickers of Anne Frank appear in German soccer
'We have to fight': McCain elevates his criticism of Trumpism to a call for action against 'crack conspiracy theories' and divisions
What experienced teachers know that newbies should learn to fake
"Catalonia's leader Puigdemont flees to Belgium, avoiding Spanish arrest"
Pakistan police arrest 7 for parading girl naked in village
"After election, Kenyan opposition leader plans more protests"
"Historians respond to John Kelly's civil war remarks: 'Strange,' 'sad,' 'wrong'"
"Trump diminishes Papadopoulos, former foreign policy adviser, as a 'young, low level volunteer'"
Why Americans have stopped eating leftovers
Tesla is about to answer a crucial question: Does production size matter?
McCain: 'It's time to wake up'
"Historians respond to John F. Kelly's Civil War remarks: 'Strange,' 'sad,' 'wrong'"
Trump's real leak problem is not with Mueller's team. It's with his own.
Students gouged by for-profit schools could soon be out of luck - thanks to Betsy DeVos
Early childhood education expert: I saw a brilliant way to teach kids. Unfortunately it wasn't in the United States.
"A serial killer may be responsible for body parts found in coolers, Japanese police say"
UN environment chief: US likely to live up to Paris accord
Airline strike in Argentina grounds thousands of passengers
Czech leader asks election winner to form government
Sarah Sanders's questionable argument that paying taxes is like buying beers
Greek police say DNA links suspect with attack on former PM
"Egypt says airstrikes kill militants, destroy vehicles"
Here's how much Virginia taxpayers are spending to jail marijuana users
"Xi showed his hand, now it's time for Trump to play his cards in Asia"
Iran says supreme leader limiting ballistic missile range
Gillespie took partisan map-making to a new level. Try turning that into a bumper sticker.
Georgetown students delay vote on whether to defund a pro-marriage campus group
"Who is Rick Gates, the man indicted alongside Paul Manafort?"
The official portraits of Trump and Pence finally are in circulation
College freshman's video reveals her tough transition: 'You can be surrounded by people but still feel alone.'
South Korea and China move to normalize relations after anti-missile dispute
The Latest: EU vote observers say Kenya damaged by turmoil
"Laura Ingraham's interview with John Kelly, annotated"
Megyn Kelly wanted to host a 'fun' show. Sexual harassment stories put her back in fierce mode.
Egyptians use social media to mock government's youth event
Macron defends counterterrorism law at European Court
"McCain's Naval Academy speech was a thinly veiled critique of GOP, Trump"
"A top U.S. general just said 4,000 American troops are in Syria. The Pentagon says there are only 500."
Georgetown students delay vote on whether to defund a pro-heterosexual-marriage campus group
Palestinian 'Pompeii' in Jerusalem could face demolition
McCain: 'Russia has the most capability to do damage to the United States'
Will Trump fire Mueller? His attorney just made some very important comments about it.
"After Mueller charges, what's next for Manafort, Papadopoulos - and Trump?"
South Korea and China move to normalize relations after THAAD dispute
"After #MeToo, a Facebook list names South Asian academics. Some say it's a step too far."
Report: Coordinated plot to murder Honduran activist Caceres
Expert haunted by video of 3-year-old cutting teddy's head
Trump says tax reform will cover 'everything'
Senators react to charges against former Trump campaign officials
Bob Woodward on the Saturday Night Massacre
Boy in suicide vest kills at least 7 in attack on Kabul diplomatic enclave
"4 killed, 15 injured in eastern Congo protests over Kabila"
Hillary Clinton on the conservative media: 'It appears they don't know I'm not president'
Congo opposition says 2018 vote OK if president leaves
AP PHOTOS: Egyptian dons Saudi robot Halloween costume
Feinstein on tech companies: 'It really is time for them to step up'
Trump ignores reporters' questions on special counsel's charges
Bahrain restricts travel from Qatar as Gulf dispute lingers
The Latest: Brexit talks to resume in Brussels next week
"Spanish judge summons ousted Catalan Cabinet, including Puigdemont, for interrogations as part of rebellion probe"
Puerto Rico faces cash shortfall after Hurricane Maria
Scott Pruitt blocks scientists with EPA funding from serving as agency advisers
Scott Pruitt blocks scientists with EPA funding from serving as agency advisers in an apparently unprecedented move
"Jerome Powell, Trump's pick to lead Fed, would be the richest chair since the 1940s"
The Latest: Russia to host Syria talks on Nov. 18
2 get terror charges for thwarted 2015 France train attack
Kushner redevelopment plan for 666 Fifth Ave. deemed 'not feasible' by partner
Las Vegas police say officer accidentally fired weapon inside gunman's hotel suite
McConnell: No plan for legislation to shield Mueller probe from interference
Federal trade panel calls for protections against imported solar cells - which Trump could soon implement
Uber warns bill would make ride-sharing impossible in Brazil
"Sean Hannity's rambling defense of Trump, visualized"
Graham to tech companies: 'What we are doing collectively is not working'
"Trump's Halloween party, in 5 silly and spooky GIFs"
"A photographer unexpectedly snapped her picture at homecoming. Then, modeling agencies called."
Federal trade panel calls for restrictions on imported solar cells - which Trump could soon implement
A Syrian baby starves in a Damascus suburb. Doctors say more deaths will follow.
2 face terror charges for thwarted 2015 France train attack
Facebook general counsel: Political ads from 'foreign actors' reached 'millions of Americans'
Under Armour's terrible year just got worse
Three Dartmouth professors accused of sexual misconduct
Germany marks 500th anniversary of Martin Luther's challenge
Facebook general counsel: Online disinformation continued after election
"Rep. Jeb Hensarling, staunch opponent of financial regulations, says he will retire"
Son of Ukraine's interior minister is detained on charges
NYPD says one person in custody after reported incident in Manhattan
Republicans prepare plunge into perilous tax fight
Senate Republicans won't support efforts to cut Mueller's funding
Sen. Jeff Flake: Roy Moore's Senate bid 'should concern us all'
To John F. Kelly: Read this before you utter another word about the Civil War
"New York police respond to report of shooting in Lower Manhattan, one person in custody"
"Mexico GDP shrinks 0.2 pct amid NAFTA uncertainty, disasters"
Senate Republicans pledge to let Mueller's investigation proceed
A girl with cerebral palsy is being held in immigration detention. The ACLU just sued for her release.
"New York police say 'several' killed after vehicle drives onto bike path in Manhattan, one person in custody"
Trump's nominee to head the Justice Department's National Security Division pledges to cooperate on Russia probe
New law targets managers who retaliate against federal whistleblowers
"University of Utah student shot and killed in 'senseless, random act of violence,' officials say"
"New York police say 'several' killed after vehicle drives onto Manhattan bike path, one person in custody"
Sarah Huckabee Sanders's nonsense 'all leaders have flaws' defense of John Kelly's Robert E. Lee comments
The University of Michigan is considering allowing Richard Spencer to speak on campus
"Russia investigation indictments complicate Trump's Asia trip, ability to sell tax cuts"
Six police officers subdued and handcuffed a reporter covering Ed Gillespie. His alleged crime? Swearing.
"New York vehicle attack kills at least six, suspect in custody, officials say"
"Republicans to propose keeping top tax rate for very wealthy, nodding to concerns"
Six police officers subdued and handcuffed a reporter covering Ed Gillespie. An officer said it was for swearing.
"Republicans to propose keeping top tax rate for very wealthy, working to win over moderates"
"New York City vehicle attack an 'act of terror' with at least eight dead, mayor says"
Sam Clovis's ties to Russia probe cooperator renews opposition to his USDA nomination
Kelly was brought to the White House to impose order. Now he's stirring controversy.
"Russia investigation charges complicate Trump's Asia trip, ability to sell tax cuts"
Mueller willing to use suspects' lawyers against them
Five suspected mumps cases reported at American University
"Is Hillary Clinton president? In Trump world, it sounds like it"
Mueller Russian Probe: A Timeline of Indictments
"New York City vehicle attack was an 'act of terror' with at least eight dead, mayor says"
"Actually, John Kelly, the failed 'compromise' to avoid Civil War would have enshrined slavery"
Mueller got Manafort's attorney to speak against him once. He may try the tactic again.
Battleground Brazil: Uber fights latest threat to business
Roy Moore tried to fit in with Senate Republicans for a day. It didn't work.
"Suspect identified in Manhattan vehicle attack, with 8 dead in 'act of terror'"
Sam Clovis's ties to Russia probe cooperator renew opposition to his USDA nomination
Trial opens for Marine drill instructor accused of abusing Muslim recruits during whiskey-fueled tirades
The lessons behind the allegations of lavish spending by Paul Manafort
Trump resists mounting pressure from Bannon and others to fight Mueller
"Facebook, Twitter and Google's Senate testimony, in three minutes"
Collusion is not a crime by itself. Here are the charges Mueller could be exploring.
A look at attacks where vehicles have been used as weapons
The financial lessons behind the allegations against Paul Manafort
At least eight killed in New York 'act of terror'
"For 'low level volunteer,' Papadopoulos sought high profile as Trump adviser"
Parent holds teacher hostage at Calif. elementary school
