U.S. set to declare North Korea carried out massive WannaCry cyber attack
"Puerto Rico said 64 people died after Maria. But analyses say the actual number is likely more than 1,000."
Utility faces questions after outage at Atlanta airport
Puerto Rico governor orders recount of hurricane death toll
UN says there are 258 million international migrants today
Pence delays trip to Middle East
Judge clears abortions for two immigrant teens in U.S. custody
Senate intel committee investigating Jill Stein campaign for 'collusion with the Russians'
Utility faces questions after power outage at Atlanta airport
'Yelling and screaming and sirens forever': Witnesses describe Amtrak horror
Amtrak crew member's call to 911: 'We went on the ground'
U.S. set to declare North Korea carried out massive WannaCry cyberattack
Trump team's meeting with Mueller's office poised to ratchet up tensions
'Criminal cabal' and Jeanine Pirro's other controversial statements
Senate intel committee investigating Jill Stein campaign for possible collusion with the Russians
Federal appeals judge retires amid probe into accusations of sexual misconduct
Frigid blast of Arctic air to plow into middle of nation by Christmas
U.S. declares North Korea carried out massive WannaCry cyberattack
Trump talked about rescinding Gorsuch's nomination
"Protesters storm Congress to fight tax bill, as cameras point elsewhere"
"Lt. Gen. Edward L. Rowny, hard-line arms control adviser to five presidents, dies at 100"
Japan approves missile defense system amid NKorea threat
Former Navy pilot describes encounter with UFO studied by secret Pentagon program
Former Navy pilot describes UFO encounter studied by secret Pentagon program
Asian stocks higher after Wall Street gains on tax cut hopes
Japan Maglev contractors raided in bid rigging probe
Asian stocks mixed after Wall Street gains on tax cut hopes
Trump's tough talk can't hide the incoherence of his foreign policy
AP PHOTOS: Giant holiday lanterns light up the Philippines
Nest of endangered giant softshell turtle found in Cambodia
Al-Qaida divisions may aid Assad as he eyes Syria's Idlib
'Rival' China left wondering what 'America First' foreign policy actually means
"2 anti-India rebels, woman killed during Kashmir fighting"
Global effort to get kids out of orphanages gains momentum
Campaigns end in secession-dominated Catalan election
"Survivors, VIPs commemorate 1 year since Berlin attack"
"Myanmar, Bangladesh set up working group for Rohingya return"
Global stocks up after Wall Street gains on tax cut hopes
UK police 4 men suspected of plotting terrorist attacks
"Greek lawmakers to vote on 2018 budget, with more austerity"
"Pope Oks first step toward sainthood for ""Rosary Priest"""
Kremlin calls Trump's national security strategy 'imperial'
Reporters Without Borders says 65 journalists killed in 2017
AP Interview: Iraq patriarch looks to life after war with IS
"UK's newest, most expensive aircraft carrier needs repair"
"AP PHOTOS: Tokyo baby panda debuts, melts heart of fans"
Q&#038;A for federal workers: TSP investment rates
Scuffles in Uganda parliament amid 'life presidency' debate
Air safety agency clears Air Berlin pilot over final flyby
Timeline of recent events leading up Catalonia's elections
A menorah left unattended leads to death of Brooklyn mother and three children
Bad news for the Juggalos: the FBI's gang label could be here to stay
Three from Washington area killed in small plane crash in Indiana
Hondurans are in the streets because they don't believe their election results
"To deter criminals, expand DNA databases instead of prisons"
Yemen's Shiite rebels say they have fired a ballistic missile targeting the Saudi royal palace in Riyadh
Philippine navy chief relieved due to reported frigate row
"Pope moves ""Rosary Priest,"" JPII's mentor toward sainthood"
UN says airstrikes killed at least 115 in Yemen over 11 days
EU condemns Albania's opposition violence at parliament
Saudis intercept Yemen rebel missile targeting Saudi palace
Catalonia remains bitterly divided ahead of vote for a new regional government
Saudis intercept Yemen rebel missile targeting royal palace
Indonesian customs arrest 3 foreign drug suspects in Bali
Saudi Arabia says it intercepts ballistic missile fired from Yemen
1 of 2 Swedish synagogue firebomb suspects released
Iran summons Swiss envoy over missile remarks by US diplomat
"Merkel pledges to help survivors, learn from Berlin attack"
Report: Pistorius appeals sentence for killing girlfriend
Macron slams Assad for comments on France supporting terror
UN: Israel probe of Palestinian amputee's death insufficient
UN refugee chief urges the world to spend more on Africa
The Energy 202: NASA and NOAA are still talking about climate change. That's notable.
The Finance 202: The GOP tax plan's lopsided numbers
Belgium to be first country to post a female ambassador to Saudi Arabia
Egypt court sentences presidential hopeful to 6 years
The Health 202: Extra Obamacare subsidies renew battle over taxpayer funding of abortion
The Daily 202: Why a Louisiana GOP senator keeps bringing down Trump judicial nominees
AP PHOTOS: Tokyo baby panda melts hearts of fans in debut
UN to pursue rebels who killed 15 peacekeepers in Congo
Austria seeks to allay Italy's fears over citizenship plan
4 arrested in UK suspected of plotting terrorist attacks
Saudi Arabia says it intercepted ballistic missile fired from Yemen
Rome's Christmas tree needled for losing lots of needles
UN: Coalition airstrikes kill 136 in Yemen in 11 days
"Croatia, Slovenia remain deadlocked in border dispute"
Good news: Experts predict Congress will probably avoid a government shutdown this week
German cartel office says Facebook abusing data collection
Saudi Arabia heralds biggest spending plans yet amid deficit
Honduras president calls for peace following re-election
Trump's never-ending search for loyalty - in all the wrong places
"In the boxing ring and on the streets, Catalonia is split ahead of latest vote on future with Spain"
"Ex-Odebrecht CEO, symbol of Brazil graft probe, leaves jail"
US stocks start little changed after climbing to new highs
Israelis call her 'Shirley Temper.' Palestinians call her a hero.
Turkey's leader calls for backing of UN motion on Jerusalem
Suspect in UK air base incident kept on psychiatric hold
Fresh protest in Romania over legal system changes
"In defamation case, Trump offers new twist in Bill Clinton's Paula Jones defense"
Rome's Christmas tree 'Mangy' needled for heavy shedding
China left wondering what 'America First' foreign policy actually means
"New data released on House harassment, sex discrimination claim settlements"
Trump may be about to get a big tax cut. Here's why we still don't know how big.
"A teacher's husband caught her in bed with a teenage student, police say"
The Latest: UN says Congo base reoccupied after fatal attack
Stocks dip as technology companies retreat from record highs
Airport in Egypt's Sinai targeted while 2 ministers visited
Syrian activists launch campaign around wounded infant
"Republicans' tax bill is about to be reality, and the hellish year Trump put Republicans through is about to pay off"
Republicans poised to pass tax bill
"Republicans' tax bill is about to be reality, and the hellish year Trump put them through is about to pay off"
Teacher in Oregon accused of having sexual relationship with underage student
Senior EU official visits Lebanon in show of support
UN approves cross-border aid to rebel areas in Syria
House eyes $81 billion disaster funding package as shutdown deadline looms
"Twitter's new rules are hard to figure out. Britain First is banned, but David Duke is not."
Observers raise alarm about fighting in eastern Ukraine
Israeli lawyer demands Israel halts arms sales to Honduras
Brazil police break up drug trafficking ring.
"Why Trump can't fire Mueller - at least, not directly"
Authorities: at least 12 dead in bus crash in eastern Mexico
Kaine calls denial of sexual harassment settlement data 'puzzling'
Donald Trump Jr. showed up in Dallas with a big Obama cookie. A small furor ensued.
A murderer's final act of defiance: Blowing a kiss to his victim's family as he left court.
Jury rules against family subjected to SWAT raid over loose-leaf tea
Scientists stunned by massive snowfall increases among Alaska's highest peaks
Germany police make arrest in Hamburg subway explosion
U.S. lifts research moratorium on enhancing germs' danger
'A White Tic-Tac' as big as a plane: Ex-pilot describes UFO encounter secretly studied by Pentagon
"K-pop star's suicide note reveals depression that 'consumed' him, pressures of fame"
Rep. Velazquez says GOP tax bill 'betrays' Puerto Rico
School bus driver in custody after train accident in France
France passes law to ban all oil and gas production by 2040
12 reported dead as foreign tourist bus crashes in Mexico
Guam video explains how to prepare for nuclear attack
House plans to advance spy bill renewal bill by itself
McConnell brushes off concerns with GOP tax bill
Protesters interrupt Republicans during tax bill debate
House passes GOP tax bill
Mexican journalist killed attending event at child's school
"For better or for worse, the GOP is passing a tax bill linked to how people feel about Trump"
McConnell confident Senate will pass GOP tax bill
"K-pop star's suicide note reveals pressures of fame, depression that 'consumed' him"
"Four Trump nominees have gone down in one week, and he's got GOP senators to blame"
Austria walks back double-citizenship plan after Italy balks
Ryan: 'This is a good day for America'
Race relations under Trump: Majority of Americans say he's made them worse
"Trump, at last, looks to notch a legislative win with tax bill. But can he redirect his presidency?"
"4 Trump nominees have gone down in one week, and he's got GOP senators to blame"
EPA to end controversial contract with conservative 'media monitoring' firm
The Latest: Royal Caribbean confirms passengers in bus crash
Royal Caribbean confirms cruise ship passengers were on bus that suffered fatal crash in eastern Mexico
GOP tax plan poised for passage as House passes bill
Schumer says Republicans 'will rue the day' they voted for the tax bill
House Republicans praise GOP tax overhaul
FDA approves first gene therapy for an inherited disease
Dreaming of a white Christmas? Here's the snow outlook.
"Grading U.S. states on teaching financial literacy: Some earn A's, while others flunk"
People couldn't believe two dogs killed their owner. So the sheriff described the horror.
This model lost a leg because of an infection from tampons. Here's what she wants you to know.
Catalonia election: Campaigning ending in tight race
Mexico looks to Europe and beyond for free-trade allies as NAFTA falters
The starkest divide Americans see isn't black-white. It's red-blue.
"Treasury paid $174,000 in taxpayer money to settle House sexual harassment claims"
The 2017 elections boosted confidence of exit pollsters - and their future competitors
Stocks retreat from record highs as House passes tax bill
Greek lawmakers approve 2018 budget featuring more austerity
GOP tax bill passes House as Senate plans vote for late Tuesday
Tavis Smiley used to clash with Bill O'Reilly. Now they sound a lot alike.
Catalan parties aim at undecided voters in tight race
The Latest: US tourist says Mexico bus crashed on dry road
Americans have different ideas about what makes taxes 'fair.' But the GOP bill has something that all sides oppose.
Republican tax bill slightly delayed over Senate snag
White House glosses over disagreement with ally Britain over Jerusalem
House Democrat on tax bill: 'How the Grinch stole middle-class tax cuts'
"Tech, small-cap stocks pull back from their recent highs"
At least 12 killed when bus carrying tourists crashes in Mexico
Catalan parties make final appeals to undecided voters
"Democrats unlikely to force DACA vote this week, probably averting shutdown"
"Trump cheers on a stock market he once called a 'big, fat, ugly bubble'"
White House takes down 'We the People' petitions site without responding to a single one
Americans have different ideas about what makes taxes 'fair.' But the GOP bill has something all sides oppose.
UN to pursue rebels who killed 14 peacekeepers in Congo
"US urges UN to punish Iran, but Russia says no sanctions"
DHS secretary pledges more help during Puerto Rico visit
Republicans close to passing tax bill despite late Senate snag
White House takes down 'We the People' petitions site before responding to a single one
Nations to hold North Korea meeting in Canada on Jan. 16
NTSB says train that wrecked was going was going 80 mph in a 30 mph zone
Add Virginia Democrats' big win to the growing pile of evidence that Democrats will have a good 2018
