Neurologist explains craniotomy procedure following Sen. John McCain's surgery
Many people can't tell when photos are fake. Can you?
The Latest: Trump warns Venezuela of 'economic actions'
"No, President Trump, you haven't signed more bills than any other president"
Some D.C. high schools are reporting only a fraction of suspensions
Brexit talks begin in earnest with citizens' rights in focus
"Venezuela opposition calls strike, Trump threatens 'actions'"
"Two more Senate Republicans oppose health-care bill, leaving it without enough votes to pass"
There are enough 'no' votes to kill Senate Republicans' health-care bill (again)
Pence: Trump has put Iran 'on notice'
Pence: Trump will move embassy in Israel to Jerusalem
U.S. certifies that Iran is meeting terms of nuclear deal
"At Trump's L.A. golf course, business is no longer a gimme"
Magnitude 6.4 quake shakes Peru's southern coast
"Building in Pakistan collapses, killing at least 2 residents"
How 'The Bachelorette' showed millions a different side of the Sikh faith
Tropical Storm Don heads toward eastern Caribbean
Turkish court orders 6 human rights activists jailed pending trial on charges of aiding terror group
Turkey: 6 human rights activists jailed pending trial
A video of a woman in a skirt sparks outrage in Saudi Arabia
The blockade of Qatar is failing
Philippines' Duterte asks Congress to extend martial law
Turkish court jails 6 human rights activists pending trial
Australians stunned by Minneapolis police shooting of woman
"What Mitch McConnell is doing next on health care, explained"
Trial opens for ex-Vatican hospital execs for diverted funds
Obstacles mount in fight to aid Syrians stranded near Jordan
Second Australian senator quits because of dual citizenship
"Samsung to recover rare metals, components in Galaxy Note 7s"
"Interrupted sleep may lead to Alzheimer's, new studies show"
Vice President Pence's bushel of false and misleading claims about health care
Parsing Pence's comments on Medicaid
Indonesia's parliament speaker denies corruption allegations
Australians see woman's shooting by police as US nightmare
Italy considers emergency visas to ease migrant strain
"France fights forest fires near Nice, in Provence, Corsica"
The Latest: UN seeks $421 million for African refugee flow
The Latest: Croatia fights wildfires threatening key port
"Building in Pakistan collapses, killing at least 3 residents"
Climate change threatens an ancient way of life in Ethiopia
"US, British volunteer fighters in forward role in IS battle"
"Heavy rainfall causes floods, havoc in Istanbul"
Ukrainian separatists proclaim a new state
2 flights make safe emergency landings in Romania
Turkish court orders arrest of six human rights workers on terrorism charges
House GOP unveils budget plan that attaches major spending cuts to coming tax reform bill
Former Clinton and Romney campaign chiefs join forces to fight election hacking
Is the presidency good for Trump's business? Not necessarily at this golf course.
QandA for federal workers: Proposed retirement cuts
Some argue that the West should limit democracy to save liberalism. Here's why they're wrong.
'AMERICAN NIGHTMARE': Australians react to fatal police shooting in 'risky' United States
Islamic groups protest Indonesian attempt to curb radicals
Romania president warns against autonomy in Hungary enclave
"China urges India withdrawal in standoff, stages drills"
The Latest: Montenegro seeks NATO aid to fight fires
House GOP unveils budget plan that attaches major spending cuts to coming tax overhaul bill
Report: Hundreds of German choir boys abused in 20th century
"Prince William, Kate to visit Nazi camp on Poland trip"
The Latest: Fire along Croatian coast mostly under control
"The Daily 202: After Senate bill falls apart, Republicans don't have the votes to repeal Obamacare"
Why is Mitch McConnell still calling for a health-care vote?
"Most Americans worry about full-scale war with North Korea, but lack confidence in Trump to handle issue"
Why these leather chaps just appeared in the White House
UK's Theresa May struggles to halt government infighting
"Hungary's Orban: Collaboration with Nazis was mistake, sin"
Taliban offensive kills 5 policemen in northern Afghanistan
"AP Explains: Korean border village, site for rivals' talks"
"Prime Minister Orban says Hungary made ""mistake"" and ""committed a sin"" when it chose to collaborate with Nazis"
Melania Trump's grandfather was an onion farmer. This company wants to make his onion famous.
"Sean Spicer's utterly clueless off-camera press briefing, annotated"
A majority says the Democratic Party stands for nothing - except the only thing that matters in 2018
China users report WhatsApp disruption amid censorship fears
Greece: Anarchist protest leaves dozens of stores damaged
What did the Founders have in mind for the presidency? Here's what you need to know.
These haunting animal photos aim to make you reconsider a visit to the zoo
"Trump's trade policy, explained with whipped cream"
Buying 'friends in this Congress': The smoking gun that triggered a political scandal
It's past time for South Carolina to provide adequate schools for all
US YouTube star in Thailand finds coin stunt falls flat
'AMERICAN NIGHTMARE': Australians react to fatal police shooting in 'very risky' United States
EU criticizes Russia over Jehovah's Witnesses ban
The Latest: Vatican court refuses to stop embezzlement case
Israeli military: Palestinian car-ramming attacker shot dead
"Upset with US, Iranian lawmakers to draft anti-American bill"
Separatists proclaim a new state to replace Ukraine
The Energy 202: Perry's electric grid draft draws some blanks
Albania army clears 2 hotspots of dangerous ammunition
Report: Hundreds of boys abused at German choir school
"Trump suggests Republicans will let ACA market collapse, then rewrite health law"
Vatican court rejects motions to dismiss in hospital case
Report calls for new civil service system with more power to agencies
The Finance 202: Trump policy path only gets harder after health care fail
Trump's erratic leadership is killing the GOP's agenda
Wife of Princeton researcher held in Iran urges his release
Japan lawmaker shows legal records to prove nationality
Trump has repeatedly broken his core campaign promise
The Health 202: Health care failed because GOP divide is too large to bridge
Lebanon preparing for military operation near Syria border
How Trump trade policy could affect your ice cream sundae
Why the White House sent a last-minute request to South Dakota for leather pants
Victims of decades-old accident found on Swiss glacier
Russia warns US of response if its property is not returned
South Sudan's leader declares state of emergency in 1 region
"Saudi woman who wore skirt in viral video has been arrested, state television reports"
Separatists proclaim a new state to replace all of Ukraine
"Prosecutors: UK police used helicopter to film sex, nudists"
How The Washington Post examined suspensions in D.C. schools
Law schools are filled with Asian Americans. So why aren't there more Asian judges?
How Trump trade policy could complicate your ice cream sundae
Romania: media mogul jailed for money laundering freed early
European Central Bank's Draghi to tiptoe to stimulus exit
"Prince William, Kate visit concentration camp on Poland trip"
The Senate could vote on repealing Obamacare without a replacement. Even McConnell knows that's a bad idea.
"Hundreds of boys abused at storied Catholic choir in Germany, new report says"
Turkish court orders arrest of Amnesty director and five human rights workers on terrorism charges
A philanthropist renamed an Indian village after Donald Trump. Then things got weird.
The Latest: Spanish soccer official escorted by police
Tribunal: Russia must pay damages for seizing protest ship
McConnell: The effort to repeal and replace Obamacare 'will not be successful'
This video of a dog saving a drowning baby deer is the sweetest thing you'll see all day
Greek foreign minister: Turkey wasn't ready for Cyprus deal
"US, British volunteers battle IS in Syria's Raqqa"
Chechnya becoming major player in rebuilding war-torn Syria
'We are utterly devastated': Family demands answers after Minneapolis police shoot and kill woman who called 911
A Chipotle restaurant is closed after yet another foodborne illness outbreak
Trump's new dilemma: Stick with health care or move to tax cuts
'We extend forgiveness to you': Alabama father offers handshake to man who sold his daughter a lethal dose of fentanyl
"Your dog's ancestor came from a group of wolves 40,000 years ago, study says"
A charity renamed an Indian village after Donald Trump. Then things got weird.
Jane Austen features on new British 10-pound note
Saudi woman in miniskirt video arrested after public outcry
TS Don weakens as it heads toward eastern Caribbean
Kurdish militia to hand over bodies after Syria clashes
Campaign team to Trump: Give up on Obamacare repeal or risk coming up empty
The White House wanted these leather pants in a hurry
"Venezuela rejects Trump sanctions threat, reviews relations"
"Prince William, Kate visit WWII camp, Gdansk on Poland trip"
An article called for John McCain to 'just ... die already.' A GOP official responded: 'Amen.'
Eighth person in Trump Tower meeting is identified
"Transgender candidate far outpaces incumbent Virginia delegate in fundraising, reports show"
"Diet drinks are associated with weight gain, new research suggests"
An Audi commercial in China compared women to used cars. It didn't go well.
Saudi-led coalition airstrike in Yemen kills 11 civilians
Transgender candidate raised nearly 20 times more than GOP opponent in June
Jane Austen is a fraud
The Latest: Portugal starting to bring fires under control
Romanian media mogul jailed for money laundering freed early
French left-wing leader probed over assistant jobs
Senate health-care bill collapses under opposition
GOP again hits federal retirement in latest budget plan
"Goodnight, Too-Large-to-Be-Astronomically-Accurate Moon"
"U.S. slaps new sanctions on Iran, after certifying its compliance with nuclear deal"
Sears Canada gets approval to begin liquidation sales
"More than 2,000 people evacuate UN complex after fire alarm"
Trump says he's 'very disappointed' with GOP health-care bill's collapse
Trump says he's 'very surprised' by Lee and Moran's opposition to health-care bill
Polish leader seeks to stop critical debate on top court law
Lebanese held in Iran hospitalized after hunger strike
Robert Mueller is now the ninth person in Donald Trump Jr.'s Russia meeting
What you need to know about the House GOP budget plan
Student loan company protests DeVos's decision
Metal detectors at Jerusalem shrine trigger new tensions
UN rights chief meets US group protesting voter suppression
Walmart blasted after an online ad includes the n-word
Trump's voter fraud commission is now facing at least 7 federal lawsuits
Syrian citizen sentenced to 3 years in prison in Germany
Trump now wants to gamble his presidency and his party on the strength of his salesmanship
What is the 'right to die' movement?
Trump's peculiar analysis of the GOP health-care bill's defeat suggests he's clueless
The deep irony in Betsy DeVos's first speech on special education
How the Pentagon ending its deal with immigrant recruits could hurt the military
Trump's voter commission is now facing at least 7 federal lawsuits
The Latest: Greece: 35 arrested in migrant camp clashes
The Latest: Spanish soccer body cancels meetings amid crisis
Prosecutors won't seek third trial for former Ohio police officer who shot Samuel DuBose
Here's what Canada and Mexico will hate about Trump's NAFTA plans
Pakistan says Indian fire kills 2 in disputed Kashmir
Graham on health care: 'I'd like to see a bill that people actually liked'
"Maya Rockeymoore, wife of Rep. Elijah Cummings, weighs run for Md. governor"
Robert Mueller is now investigating Donald Trump Jr.'s Russia meeting
Stewart: 'Many' House members are 'frustrated' with Senate health bill collapse
'My husband has been unjustly imprisoned': Wife of Princeton student urges Iran to release him
Flash flooding hits UK coastal village in Cornwall
Jayapal: Republicans should 'actually work with Democrats' on health care
Today's big takeaway: Robert Mueller is now investigating Donald Trump Jr.'s Russia meeting
Va. transgender candidate raised nearly 20 times more than GOP opponent in June
Protests over conviction of Jordanian in US troop deaths
Breitbart's White House reporter is trying to hold Trump accountable. Seriously.
Trump administration adds 18 Iranian individuals and entities to sanctions list
Bodies found in a melting Swiss glacier might have been buried since 1942
A Republican Party at war with itself hits the wall on health care
Breitbart reporter repeatedly asks Spicer about border wall plans
Nobel winner Malala in Nigeria speaks out against Boko Haram
"Iraqis hold suspected militants in cramped, stifling prison"
Saudi student accepted to a Michigan college faces execution
"Mexico audit finds 44,000 teachers not in the classroom"
A White House dinner as a case study for Trump's inability to close a health-care deal
Ex-staffer pleads not guilty to cyberstalking Virgin Islands U.S. House delegate
"With health-bill collapse, Republicans face uncertain electoral future in 2018"
Here are the 'three easy things' that Chuck Schumer thinks can shore up Obamacare
Hillary Clinton is less popular than Donald Trump because nobody will let the 2016 election end
"ACLU, advocacy groups demand school officials investigate suspension practices"
Senate Judiciary Committee to seek testimony from Trump Jr. and Manafort
Senators pushed Trump to sidelines. He happily stayed there. Republicans are paying the price.
"With U.S. scholar's conviction, power struggle escalates between Iran's president and hard-liners"
Is there a freeloader living in your home? Set some ground rules.
A man fought a bobcat on video. Then he found out it had rabies.
"There's a Trump tweet for everything, failed Obamacare repeal edition"
Saudi accepted by Michigan college among 14 facing execution
"TS Don lashes southeast Caribbean with heavy wind, rain"
Trump's voter commission hasn't even met - and it's already off to a rough start.
"Affordable Care Act remains intact, but consumers and insurers are left with new worries"
"Americans love higher education, just not their universities"
Mark Zuckerberg went to Glacier to learn about climate change but couldn't meet with the resident climate scientist
"10-year-old dies with heroin and fentanyl in his system, Fla. state attorney says"
Washington reacts after collapse of GOP health-care bill
Senators pushed Trump to the sidelines. He happily stayed there. Republicans are paying the price.
New GI Bill expansion would offer lifetime window for college tuition assistance
Why wasn't Mark Zuckerberg allowed to meet with Glacier's climate expert?
Republicans' health care split goes all the way to the party's soul
Video of flower vendor's violent arrest in California sparks outrage
Trump had undisclosed hour-long meeting with Putin at G-20 summit
Trump's voter commission hasn't even met - and it's already off to a rough start
"At a global robotics competition, teens put aside grown-up conflicts to form unlikely alliances"
Republicans' health-care split goes all the way to the party's soul
"Trump's grand promises to 'very, very quickly' repeal Obamacare run into reality"
Iran's foreign minister calls new UN sanctions illegal
"Samsung to manufacture iPhone chips for Apple again, report says"
Residents of British Columbia village to return after fires
