"GOP eyes corporate tax rate of 20 percent, retreating from Trump's lofty goal"
"Trump, Kim insults are the latest in a long - often more cutting - line of political put-downs"
21 states told they were targeted by Russian hackers during 2016 election
Mnuchin flew on government jet to Washington following appearance at Trump Tower
Activists plan further resistance - and thank yous - as ACA repeal effort staggers
"The Latest: Caribbean officials spotlight storms, warming"
Enforcer or 'choke point'? Kelly seeks to bring order to chaotic White House.
The Latest: Villages on edge of Mexico City feel abandoned
"'The most courageous person I knew': Man buries wife, then daughter she died trying to save"
"Muslims and anti-sharia activists meet, armed, at a Dairy Queen to talk fears about America's future"
"In Mexico quake, villages on edge of capital feel forgotten"
The Latest: Mexican volunteers frustrated as pros take over
The Latest: UAE says Iran is main obstacle to Arab peace
First was the armed showdown at the mosque over sharia. Then came the sitdown at Dairy Queen over the future of America.
DHS tells states about Russian hacking during 2016 election
She chose to die so she could have a baby. Now her husband has to bury them both.
The Latest: Fires still burning Rohingya villages in Myanmar
Young Mexican newlyweds honeymoon in makeshift quake shelter
Rohingya man's Myanmar escape highlights relief and regrets
One of Italy's major parties just held a primary election. But the results are a secret.
"As Trump campaigns for Strange in Alabama, he expresses some doubts: 'I might have made a mistake'"
Trump's Huntsville speech in 3 minutes
Puerto Ricans struggle to clean up after 'monster' hurricane
Amnesty says fires continue at Rohingya villages in Myanmar
"'Thousands of people could die.' 70,000 in Puerto Rico urged to evacuate with dam in 'imminent' danger"
China imposes limits on oil supply to North Korea
The Latest: 8 foreigners among the quake dead in Mexico City
China imposes limit on oil supply to North Korea
The Latest: New Zealanders head to polls for national vote
"'Thousands of people could die': 70,000 in Puerto Rico urged to evacuate with dam in 'imminent' danger"
The Latest: Maria to cause dangerous currents along US coast
New Zealanders head to polls for neck-and-neck national vote
The Latest: 1.2 million New Zealanders cast early votes
Earthquake dims stylish nightlife in Mexico City district
"The Latest: Chopper carrying aid crashes in Mexico, 1 dead"
World wonders could NKorea fire nuclear missile over Japan
"Fearing eruption, thousands in Bali flee from Mount Agung"
Sen. Cassidy's misleading claim that preexisting-conditions 'protection is absolutely the same'
"Iran tries to reconcile Syria and Hamas, rebuilding alliance"
"As Catalan independence vote nears, Europe supports keeping Spain intact"
Polls close in New Zealand's neck-and-neck national election
Official: 4 children killed in Afghanistan road accident
"Danes arrest man for allegedly sending drones, cameras to IS"
The Latest: India Nobel laureate disappointed with Suu Kyi
Duterte says he became local millionaire due to inheritance
China's official Xinhua News Agency says a magnitude-3.4 earthquake has been detected in North Korea
Early count puts Bill English ahead in New Zealand election
Attorney General Jeff Sessions visited Portland? Of course there was a protest.
Spain saves 64 migrants from 2 boats crossing Mediterranean
South Korea says natural North Korea earthquake detected
Merkel wants campaign to reach undecided voters in last push
Pakistan says 'terrorists' inside Afghanistan kill officer
Prime Minister Bill English ahead in New Zealand election
Indian spiritual guru arrested for allegedly raping woman
Dog blood banks save pets' lives. But are the donors protected?
Take a cue from Buddhists and Stoics and ask yourself these 5 questions to get through stressful times
A rush to wed to avoid the Vietnam draft: The day LBJ eliminated the marriage exemption
Earthquake strikes North Korea near nuclear test zone; reasons unclear
Travelers beware: Meth-laced 7Up reportedly causes death in Mexico
Etching of German rifle ground off AK-47 monument in Moscow
Powerless Puerto Rico's storm crisis deepens with dam threat
Students occupy Barcelona university in support of secession
"'I love Alabama - it's special': At rally for Sen. Luther Strange, Trump vents frustrations in rambling speech"
Everything is on the line for McConnell in Tuesday's Alabama Senate election
Trump admonishes McCain over opposition to latest health-care push
"Democrats' grueling path back to power, in 2 maps"
World wonders: Could NKorea fire nuclear missile over Japan?
Turkey warns Kurdish leaders on vote as parliament convenes
2 Myanmar photojournalists freed on bail in Bangladesh
German plane hijacked to Somalia in 1977 brought back home
US-backed SDF says it took Syria's largest gas field from IS
"10 photos from Bangladesh camps, 10 stories of desperation"
Istanbul police detain 36 suspected Islamic State militants
"News quiz: The year (so far) in review, Part I"
You won't believe where you might encounter bedbugs these days
The Latest: Spain govt asked to manage police before vote
"In final push, Merkel seeks to reach undecided German voters"
"A strong aftershock hits Mexico City, residents feel buildings sway"
Climate-change art exhibit was almost swallowed by Hurricane Irma
The Latest: New 6.2 quake centered in southern Mexico
The Latest: New Zealand leader addresses supporters
"U.S. seismologists say new quake in Mexico magnitude 6.2, centered in southern state of Oaxaca"
"Earthquake strikes North Korea near nuclear test zone, but no radiation reported"
New earthquake shakes jittery Mexico
Far-right German party uses 'modern marketplace' of the Web to breach cultural taboo
"New earthquake, magnitude 6.1, shakes jittery Mexico"
New Zealand PM wins most votes but needs help to form gov't
The Latest: New 6.1 quake centered in southern Mexico
Letting a dog sleep on your bed does not actually ruin your sleep
"UN peacekeepers in Congo hold record for rape, sex abuse"
Italy: 5-Stars turn page by picking candidate for premier
Congo president: Election timeline should be released 'soon'
'We'll look at every option': Luther Strange won't guarantee support for Mitch McConnell
The Latest: New quake an aftershock of potent Mexico temblor
The Latest: Maria causing dangerous surf along US East Coast
"Spain, Catalonia tussle over who controls the Mossos police"
The Latest: South Sudan official expresses optimism at UN
I live with disabling illness and chronic fatigue. It has taught me to ask for help.
The Latest: On edge in Mexico as hospital evacuates visitors
The Latest: Dominica's leader seeks hurricane recovery help
Russian oppositionist Udaltsov detained before Moscow rally
"Prince Harry, Melania Trump at Invictus Games opening"
The Latest: Officials in Puerto Rico plead for supplies
The Latest: Syria asserts progress against 'terrorists'
Yemen rebels pardon journalist after death sentence
Death toll from this week's central Mexico earthquake tops 300
"Italy: 5-Stars open new phase, pick candidate for premier"
Colin Firth takes Italian citizenship after Brexit decision
Consumers loved 'all-natural' - until Trix cereal lost its neon-bright glow
French opposition protests Macron's labor law reforms
The Latest: Death toll reaches 305 in central Mexico quake
"No, Mr. President, you did not invent the name 'Big Luther' Strange"
Syria says victory is in sight over terrorists
"After Maria, humanitarian crisis grows in Puerto Rico"
"Turkey OKs military intervention, warns Iraqi Kurds on vote"
Italy's 5-Star party picks its next candidate for premier
UC-Berkeley says 'Free Speech Week' is canceled. Milo Yiannopoulos says he's still coming to campus.
Student survives three days trapped in a cave after college spelunking group leaves him behind
A crossbow hunter thought he shot a coyote. It was a family dog named Tonka.
"Mexican architects, engineers rush to inspect buildings"
"North Korea minister says if innocent Americans are harmed by suicide attacks, ""Trump will be held totally responsible"""
"North Korea minister says ""none other than Trump himself is on a suicide mission"""
"North Korea minister calls Trump ""a mentally deranged person full of megalomania"" who is holding ""the nuclear button."""
North Korea minister says Trump's insult makes 'our rocket's visit to the entire US mainland inevitable all the more.'
"North Korea minister says country's nuclear force is ""a war deterrent"" to end US nuclear threat and prevent US invasion"
Student survives three days in a cave after college spelunking group leaves him behind
French opposition protests Macron's new labor laws
Mexican experts rush to inspect quake-damaged buildings
UC-Berkeley says 'Free Speech Week' is canceled. Milo Yiannopoulos says he's coming anyway.
"As Germany prepares to vote, the center holds, but the fringe is rising"
The Latest: North Korea: Trump insult ensures attack on US
Everything is on the line for McConnell in Tuesday's Alabama Senate primary
Paratrooper becomes 1st French casualty in anti-IS coalition
"Storm's death toll, humanitarian crisis grow in Puerto Rico"
The Latest: Maria's death toll climbs to 10 in Puerto Rico
"For many local teenagers, getting drunk is not on the bucket list"
What we know about the 21 states targeted by Russian hackers
German far-right leader says Merkel's refugee policy enabled his party's rise
"The Latest: Carolinas, Mid-Atlantic should watch Maria"
The Stephen Curry snub is one of many times Trump has tried to preempt embarrassment
The Latest: Iraq asks for help to build a nuclear reactor
They love Donald Trump in Alabama - but they still might not vote for his Senate candidate
Former charter school leaders settle lawsuit that alleged self-dealing scheme
North Korea's top diplomat says strike against U.S. mainland is 'inevitable'
San Juan mayor: 'There is horror in the streets'
Russia held a big military exercise this week. Here's why the U.S. is paying attention.
Conservative theologians accuse pope of spreading heresy
The Latest: Iraq recaps opposition to planned Kurdish vote
Another strong earthquake shakes Mexico
Tom Price says he will stop flying on private jets until inspector general's review is complete
Graham is 'pressing on' with his health-care bill. Other GOP senators signal that they're ready for another option.
Graham is 'pressing on' with the health-care bill. Other GOP senators signal they're moving on.
'If anyone can hear us ... help.' Puerto Rico's mayors describe widespread devastation from Hurricane Maria
"Syria looks to peace, North Korea to attack on US mainland"
"After German vote, Europe can turn to patching euro's flaws"
"The Latest: After quakes, Mexico volcano spews vapor and ash"
Iraq seeks other nations' help to build a nuclear reactor
