The many ways President Trump would benefit from the GOP's tax plan
"U.S. warns Saudis, Iran of threats to stability in Lebanon"
Trade ministers from 11 Pacific Rim countries say they have reached basic agreement on trade pact without US
The Latest: Trump heads into day 2 of Asia economic meetings
EPA is taking more advice from industry - and ignoring its own scientists
FBI database for gun buyers missing millions of records
Anger rises as toxic air chokes India's capital
"Bahrain investigates nighttime oil pipeline blast, fire"
"US, S. Korea start drills in show of force against N. Korea"
The last stand for American higher education?
'I believed in his Christian values:' Residents of Roy Moore's hometown react to allegations
"Trump says U.S. won't be 'taken advantage of anymore,' and hours later Pacific Rim nations reach deal on trade without U.S. buy-in"
"In a divided nation, left and right educators found common ground"
"Trump says U.S. won't be 'taken advantage of anymore.' Hours later, Pacific Rim nations reach deal on trade without America."
The Latest: Trump begins full days of meetings in Vietnam
Vietnamese trade minister says 11 Pacific countries have reached 'fundamental agreement' to continue with trade pact
New York Times photographer tweets 'photo' of black box to protest White House coverage blackout
Pakistan allows Indian spy's wife to meet with him
Another Australian lawmaker quits over dual citizenship ban
"N. Korea, Marawi siege, sea feud top ASEAN summit worries"
The Latest: Trump and Putin cross paths again in Vietnam
A political shock throws Lebanon's economy back into crisis
"China's all-powerful leader should heed the lessons from history, former official says"
Trump and Putin chat each other up at APEC summit
"The Latest: Trump, Putin agree on defeating IS in Syria"
"Q&A: US, Saudi Arabia accuse Iran over Yemen missile launch"
Trump and Putin chat on summit sidelines
Croatia's government survives no-confidence vote
Iranian website reports pilot dies after fighter jet crashes
"The Latest: Trump, Putin welcome Assad's commitment"
UCLA wins basketball game in China but loses three players in shoplifting incident
Driver steers car into crowd in Berlin but no one is hurt
Iraqi forces launch anti-IS operation in western Anbar
"The Latest: Trump lands in Hanoi for talks, banquet"
How Veterans Day went from celebrating world peace to thanking armed forces
"As Trump attempts a transgender military ban, Germany celebrates its first trans commander"
The Latest: Trump says Putin again denied election meddling
Trump meets Philippines leader Duterte for the first time
US drone strike in Somalia against al-Shabab kills 'several'
Trump deflects on whether Moore should quit Senate race
"US cities, states, businesses still back Paris climate deal"
"'He said he didn't meddle': Trump talks with Putin about U.S. elections, Syria in brief interactions"
Convicted terrorist back in Greek prison after furlough
The Latest: Trump says didn't see Abe's golf course tumble
US and France express strong support to Lebanon amid crisis
UK pauses to remember war dead in Armistice Day ceremonies
Winter rains likely to cut smog in Pakistan
When did Congress authorize fighting in Niger? That's an excellent question.
Trump: Putin again denies meddling in 2016 election
EU's Tusk joins Independence Day events in Polish homeland
"'We're searching to reclaim what was lost': In museum archives, a tribe urgently seeks proof of its past"
Meet the woman behind NASA's 360-degree videos
The Latest: Saudi should clarify why Hariri hasn't returned
The Latest: Putin bemoans lack of formal sit-down with Trump
"US cities, states defy Trump, still back Paris climate deal"
"The Latest: NK calls Trump 'old lunatic,' 'warmonger'"
"A decade in the making, Louvre Abu Dhabi opens to the public"
Trump deflects on whether Roy Moore should quit Senate race
Playing outside seems to help kids' vision
President Macron of France solemnly marks Armistice Day
"'Elders' call on Saudi Arabia, allies to lift blockade"
Convicted murderer back in Greek prison after 2-day furlough
The U.S. Postal Service is taking on Alzheimer's with a new stamp
Israel shoots down drone over Golan Heights
"Trump: Putin denies, is ""insulted"" by meddling accusation"
News quiz: Unsolved mysteries
A retired archivist wondered about the Harlem Hellfighters captured in a famous photo. Now she's uncovered their stories.
France charges 8 suspects after counterterrorism sweep
Hamilton says Mercedes team members robbed at gunpoint
"The Latest: Trump says Vietnam is a ""great miracle"""
11th day of 11th month: War dead honored on Armistice Day
Swedish police detain 16 in unlawful right-wing march
Roy Moore's refusal to exit Alabama Senate race reflects diminished power of Washington
The Harlem Hellfighters were captured in a famous photo. Now a retired archivist has uncovered their stories.
British woman to go on trial for alleged drug smuggling
EU chief Tusk joins Polish independence day celebrations
Lebanon: Saudi should clarify why Hariri hasn't returned
Pope denounces 'shortsighted' human activity for warming
Trump: Putin is 'insulted' by and denies meddling accusation
Bahrain says oil pipeline attacked by Iran-backed militants
Mercedes team members robbed at gunpoint in Brazil
'He said he didn't meddle': Trump talks with Putin about U.S. elections and Syria in brief interactions
"AP Interview: UN food chief says to end hunger, end conflict"
Israel shoots down drone from Syria over Golan Heights
"Bahrain says militants hit oil pipeline, opening new front"
The Latest: Iran's FM says Saudi creating regional unrest
New Delhi's 'gas chamber' smog is so bad that United Airlines has stopped flying there
'He means it': Trump appears to take Putin's denial about election meddling at face value
Thousands demand release of jailed separatists in Barcelona
The Latest: Media complains about access during Trump trip
Resident charged with murder in Russian building collapse
Pope reaffirms conscience as heresy debate divides church
Thousands in far-right march on Poland's Independence Day
Roy Moore: Alabama voters will 'see through this charade' of sexual misconduct claims
Republicans had a great week on taxes. Or did they?
The Latest: Putin denies Russian interference in US election
Moore: 'I have not been guilty of sexual misconduct with anyone'
Too many Americans take unnecessary and potentially harmful antibiotics
"UCLA wins basketball game in China, but will all of the team get to come home?"
The end of an era: Farewell to the 747
Correction: Vatican-Nuclear story
Activists: IS gunmen regain control of Syrian town near Iraq
"Regular painkillers work as well as opioids for sprains, strains and fractures"
The Latest: Trump back on defensive over Russia meddling
"60,000 join far-right march on Poland's Independence Day"
Trump's 'America First' looks more and more like America alone
"These crabs can grow up to 3 feet - and hunt birds, a biologist's video proves"
Huge rally in Barcelona demands jailed separatists' release
"Trump, again on defensive, says Putin denies 2016 meddling"
Trump dominates the GOP base. Party leaders live with the consequences
Greek police arrest trafficker with 90 migrants in truck
Large religious protests halt traffic in Islamabad and Rawalpindi
"Trump calls Putin sincere, ex-US intelligence heads 'hacks'"
This museum didn't think its Hitler statue was a problem - until the complaints started.
Trump's 'America first' looks more and more like 'America alone'
Radioactive cloud that covered Europe might be from Russia. Don't worry about it though.
Trump dominates the GOP base. Party leaders live with the consequences.
"In shadow of Germany's climate conference, a village disappears to make way for coal"
"UCLA wins basketball game in China, without 3 players accused of shoplifting"
"A few months after Harvey, Houston's long recovery quietly heads inside"
