Trump travels to Indiana to sell his tax plan but leaves his usual zeal at home
What's in the GOP tax proposal
Jared Kushner registered to vote as a woman. It's not his first paperwork mistake.
Trump administration surges military assets to Puerto Rico amid growing crisis
"Alabama defeat leaves Trump badly weakened, isolated amid mounting challenges"
Mexico quake damage could surpass $2 billion
"Alabama defeat leaves Trump weakened, isolated amid mounting challenges"
Trump administration rushes military assets to Puerto Rico amid growing crisis
Prosecutor seeks lifting of Guatemalan president's immunity
Fish fall from sky with rain in northern Mexico
UN body alarmed by attack on Rohingya refugees in Sri Lanka
Pyeongchang Olympics organizers fix map that omitted Japan
"Exodus from Bali volcano nears 100,000 amid frequent tremors"
Volunteers attacked delivering quake aid in southern Mexico
"Japan PM Shinzo Abe dissolves lower house of parliament, calls snap election amid challenge from new opposition party"
Couple's delay in fleeing Myanmar left them open to attack
"Japan PM Abe dissolves lower house, calls snap election"
Pair of giant pandas from China welcomed in Indonesia
Vanuatu orders evacuation of island with rumbling volcano
Thai PM: Fugitive former leader Yingluck Shinawatra in Dubai
"In Mexico, survivors recount amazing escapes from quake"
Now even money is running out in storm-hit Puerto Rico
Thailand's prime minister says a preliminary investigation indicates ousted PM Yingluck Shinawatra is in Dubai
"Vanuatu orders the complete evacuation of an island where a rumbling, belching volcano is threatening to blow."
The looming showdown between Catalonia and Spain
Australian minister says 'economic refugees' headed for US
'I didn't think I'd live to see it': Saudi women on the decree that will let them drive
"Greece: 25 migrants rescued, 1 child dies in boat accident"
Malaysia bans all citizens from traveling to North Korea
"Indonesian official: More than 120,000 flee Bali volcano"
"Indonesian disaster official says more than 120,000 people have fled volcano on Bali because of fears it will erupt"
Fact-checking President Trump's tax speech in Indianapolis
Fact Check: President Trump's tax speech in Indianapolis
Hugh Hefner dies at 91
"More U.S. 'strategic' military assets to South Korea to deter the north, Seoul says"
These Libyan ex-militiamen were once linked to al-Qaeda. Now they wield power in a new order.
2 Malaysian boys charged with murder for Islamic school fire
Official: 12 Afghan security forces killed in the south
Japan's election: A new challenger and what's at stake
"Troubled Toshiba, Bain finalize sale of memory-chip business"
The Latest: Thousands of cows still in Bali volcano zone
Bangladesh to expand anti-terror ops with new police unit
Ukraine rules out foreign sabotage plot in munitions fire
The Latest: Police search convicted PM Yingluck's home
UK aviation regulator threatens action against Ryanair
"Aid to Syrians on Jordan border falls short, groups say"
Etihad names British military official as new CEO
"Malaysia bans travel to North Korea, soccer match postponed"
The sea once provided a breath of fresh air for Gaza. Now it stinks.
McLaren owner in Germany claims donkey damaged car
Putin to meet Erdogan as Russia-Turkey ties deepen
"Market for illegal elephant ivory surges in Laos, study says"
PAL says it will cooperate with government in settling debt
Ugandan lawmakers brawled over the president's effort to extend his rule. Now broadcasting parliamentary hearings is illegal.
The number of people defaulting on federal student loans is climbing
An Orthodox rabbi and an Obama speechwriter walk into a bar - on Yom Kippur
"How Europe's far right could defeat itself, and 4 other global stories"
Nepal gets a 3-year-old girl as new living goddess
Bangladesh to establish new anti-terror police unit
UK's May slams Boeing for undermining partnership
Japan's Abe faces new challenge as he calls snap election
Catalan official calls for EU support ahead of referendum
Trump on tax reform
China: Recent imports of NKorea coal allowed by UN sanctions
Britain's Brexit envoy says in Brussels that talks to leave the European Union making decisive steps forward
"Reports: China orders most North Korean-owned businesses, ventures with Chinese partners closed under U.N. sanctions"
AP PHOTOS: Catalan police watch over their homeland
"Trump says NFL owners 'afraid of their players,' calls it 'disgraceful'"
"U.S. sending more 'strategic' military assets to South Korea to deter the North, Seoul says"
EU's chief Brexit negotiator laments failure to agree European Court role in any deal with Britain
European Union's chief Brexit negotiator hails 'new dynamic' in negotiations with Britain
The one surefire way to grow your wealth in the U.S.
"Black and Hispanic families are making more money, but they still lag far behind whites"
Majority of Americans now say climate change makes hurricanes more intense
Uganda's parliament taken off the air after brawl breaks out between lawmakers
"More than 120,000 flee menacing Bali volcano"
Moldovan official says joining EU is key priority
"Freed Indian priest returns home from Yemen, meets Modi"
The Latest: Tokyo's Koike says she will stay as governor
"Last month, 83% of U.S. protests were against Trump"
One woman's journey to Supreme Court clerkship
The Daily 202: Trump's Katrina? Influx of Puerto Ricans after Hurricane Maria could tip Florida toward Democrats.
3-year-old girl becomes Nepal's new living goddess
German police seek suspected food poisoning blackmailer
Vietnam resumes controversial water buffalo fighting
EU Brexit chief laments slow progress but hails new dynamic
"Indian priest kidnapped in Yemen returns home, meets Modi"
Kenya's talks collapse on how to conduct a fresh election
Germany investigating 2 former SS death squad members
"Report: Iranian army helicopter crashes, 1 dead"
"Turkey rebuffs Trump, won't send jailed US pastor back"
"'If you hate, you're just adding hate:' A U.S. congressman and a meditation guru on living in Trump's America"
Storm-driven power failures in the Caribbean spur new interest in renewable energy
The Latest: Japan PM takes to street seeking voters' support
Little-known Syrian politician elected parliament speaker
"The Finance 202: Yes, Trump's tax proposal as introduced would help him and his family"
Welcome to the latest installment of the American debate over what 'all men are created equal' means
North Korea accuses US of exploiting student's death
"The Health 202: On cusp of key deadline, GOP still fixated on ACA repeal"
Severe power failures in Puerto Rico and across the Caribbean spur new interest in renewables
Trump just lifted the Jones Act for Puerto Rico. Here's what that does.
Millions of American women disagree with Michelle Obama: Donald Trump is their voice
Mississippi restaurant sued after Christian waitress is allegedly fired for wearing a skirt to work
Lawrence Summers: Trump could help Puerto Rico with the stroke of a pen. Why hasn't he?
Cambodian court convicts British murder suspect of fraud
The Latest: Catalan students protest against Spain govt
Trump waives shipping restrictions for Puerto Rico for hurricane relief
"'They put me back together again': Rep. Scalise breaks his silence, 15 weeks after shooting"
"Minorities and Americans without college degrees showed greatest gains in wealth since 2013, new data shows"
The sea was a breath of fresh air for isolated Gaza. Now the water stinks.
The Latest: IS seizes Syrian village on road to Deir el-Zour
"How California - yes, California - just moved to make a Trump reelection more difficult"
Aurora movie theater gunman's location finally revealed: A federal prison in Pennsylvania
The Energy 202: GOP lawmakers pressed Trump to waive Jones Act for Puerto Rico
These Libyans were once linked to al-Qaeda. Now they are politicians and businessmen.
"Facing North Korean threats, Seoul expects U.S. to send 'strategic' arms"
UN fund for sexual abuse victims grows to $1.5 million
The Latest: Catalan officials aim for peaceful referendum
We've got some follow-up questions from Trump's friendly 'Fox and Friends' interview
Trump's own personal fantasy land reaches a new level of ridiculousness
Mom of French jihadi gets 2-year sentence for money transfer
Watch a Thai soldier save the life of a tiny puppy by performing CPR
9 candidates seeking Slovenian presidency in vote next month
Barcelona caught in storm over Catalonia's independence vote
Libya arrests IS militant involved in 2015 beheadings
German court tells donkey owners to pony up for damaged car
"More than 130,000 flee menacing Bali volcano"
Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood leader gets another life sentence
"'I'm back': Rep. Steve Scalise returns to Congress, 15 weeks after shooting"
PM Abe celebrates anniversary of Japan-China ties
Italy: Neo-fascists get a boost from anti-migrant sentiment
Now even money is running out in hurricane-hit Puerto Rico
IS stages surprise attack on Syrian government-held village
Supreme Court again will consider mandatory fees to public-employee unions
The Latest: UN condemns strikes on Syrian hospitals
Delivery by drone: Switzerland tests it in populated areas
Rep. Steny Hoyer demands more robust response in Puerto Rico
Pelosi on Puerto Rico: 'We must move more quickly'
Madrid subway train evacuated after blank shot is fired
Catalans vow disputed independence vote will be peaceful
Pope's deputy urges dialogue after Francis accused of heresy
"German prosecutors carry out arrest, searches in Audi probe"
Poll: Brazil president's approval rating at just 3 percent
"'Miracles really do happen': Rep. Steve Scalise returns to Congress, 15 weeks after shooting"
Trump elaborate fantasy about why Obamacare isn't being repealed this week
Trump just lifted shipping restrictions for Puerto Rico. But the real challenge just started.
Severe power failures in Puerto Rico and across the Caribbean spur new interest in renewable energy
Kenya opposition leader to organize protests; talks flop
Rep. Steve Scalise returns to House floor
Innovative Cambodian architect Vann Molyvann dies at age 90
Here's looking at you: Final Rosetta photo shows rocky comet
Trump's full speech on tax reform
Obamacare repeal isn't really dead
Lebanese cleric sentenced to death for clashes with army
Spain: Turkish-Swedish writer released pending extradition
Barcelona soccer team caught in storm over Catalonia vote
The most and least transparent companies for political spending
Romania: Judicial group narrowly nixes legal system changes
4 times humans rescued animals from scary situations
Toymakers say there is 'widespread panic' following Toys R Us bankruptcy
Somalia police say car bomb blast kills 5 in capital
Is the GOP plan for Medicaid caps really Bill Clinton's idea?
Deportations fall under Trump despite increase in arrests by ICE
"As North Korea threatens, U.S. to send 'strategic assets' to Seoul"
North Korea claims almost 5 million have signed up to join its already enormous army
Islamic State group releases purported audio recording from top leader al-Baghdadi
Greek far-right lawmaker is convicted for hate speech
Mexico quake death toll 343 as most collapse sites cleared
UK's May warns Boeing in international trade tussle
"A moderate GOP exodus? Possibly, but not yet."
Trump's bizarre fantasy about why Obamacare isn't being repealed
How much is that doggy on the website? It might not even exist.
"9 ways Trump's tax plan is a gift to the rich, including himself"
The languages that let you say more with less
"Scrambling to manage hack backlash, Equifax says new service will give consumers more control of personal data"
US Ambassador: Israel occupies just 2 percent of West Bank
Pakistan rights group demands release of Turkish educator
At least 15 Rohingya fleeing Myanmar die in boat sinking
IS releases purported audio message from top leader
Watch Rep. Steve Scalise's emotional return to the House floor
How Hugh Hefner became Hef: From sexually repressed childhood to Playboy
USDA closes investigation into a massive organic farm - but what did it check?
"UN says number of Rohingyas fleeing Myanmar now over 500,000"
"The United Nations says the number of Rohingya Muslims fleeing Myanmar to Bangladesh since August has topped 500,000"
"'Miracles really do happen': Rep. Steve Scalise returns to Congress, 15 weeks after being shot"
"Afghan official: Sticky bomb kills 2 policemen, civilian"
Pence says tax cuts will be enacted 'before we get to Christmas'
IS releases purported new audio message from top leader
Why Democrats should not be getting excited about polls showing them winning the House
Over 4 million Americans don't have anyone to vote for them in Congress
He thought he had a lung tumor. It was a tiny toy traffic cone he inhaled 40 years ago.
How Hugh Hefner became Hef: From sexually repressed upbringing to renowned Playboy
ISIS releases recorded message purportedly from Baghdadi
"UN: Over 500,000 Rohingya Muslims fled Myanmar since August"
Russia's Putin visits Turkey as ties between the two deepen
UK preacher gets 6^half years for promoting terrorism in sermons
"As Obamacare repeal struggled, Fox News mostly looked away"
"Tom Price declines comment on private jet travel, gets his flu shot"
A new example of how little Americans know about their own country
Tropical forests used to protect us from climate change. A new study says they're now making it worse.
Genetically modified approaches to fighting malaria succeed in new tests
Zika was a mild bug. A new discovery shows how it turned monstrous.
Plastic junk brought invasive species to U.S. after Japan's 2011 tsunami
"Saudi women will drive, but not necessarily buy new cars"
Ed Gillespie campaign ad - Campaign 2017
"Tom Price declines to comment on private jet travel, gets his flu shot"
Oldest signs of life on Earth may be in 3.95 billion-year-old rocks
Trump lifts the Jones Act to help Puerto Rico. What is it?
Democrats and the GOP both have a millennial problem
DeVos rejects invitation to meet with former for-profit college students
Wray takes oath of office as FBI director
"Guatemala mudslide kills 2, leaves 8 more missing"
Wray: FBI will do its job 'no matter who likes it'
IS reclusive leader rallies followers in purported new audio
"Sessions to Wray: 'In the days to come, Chris, there'll be many controversies'"
Startling study finds tropical forests are filling the air with carbon - worsening climate change
Here's how the Trump administration is hurting enrollment in Obamacare
Fact Check: Is the GOP plan for Medicaid caps really Bill Clinton's idea?
Does Trump's Cabinet have a private plane problem?
"Boeing took a foreign firm to task over subsidies. Critics say Boeing gets help, too."
Let's make sure Pell Grants aren't eroded by inflation
The Latest: UN chief urges Myanmar to halt military ops
Twitter finds hundreds of accounts tied to Russian operatives
"Tropical forests used to protect us from climate change. Now, scientists say, they're making it worse"
Louisiana high school orders athletes to stand during national anthem
It was candidate Trump's best trick. Now it's stalling President Trump's agenda.
ISIS releases audio it claims to be of leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi
The Latest: Barcelona mayor wants EU to mediate on Catalonia
Small business owners share tax concerns with Pence
Russia's Putin visits Turkey as ties between nation's deepen
Tom Price apologizes for private-charter flights
Ivanka Trump goes to the Hill to pitch programs for parents
Sarah Huckabee Sanders piles more falsehoods on top of Trump's bogus Thad Cochran claim
A database error may have caused Jared Kushner to register to vote as a woman. But it's not his first paperwork mistake.
Racial slurs written on doors of five black cadet candidates at Air Force Academy Preparatory School
How the GOP could repeal the estate tax - and rip off 99.8 percent of us
Stories from the aftermath of Hurricane Maria in Puerto Rico
Mexico quake death toll 344 as most collapse sites cleared
"Catalans say secession vote to happen, they hope peacefully"
UN chief urges Myanmar to halt anti-Rohingya operations
Trump homeland security officials praise recovery efforts in Puerto Rico
"Tom Price apologizes for private-charter flights, pledges to pay nearly $52,000 to cover his share of the trips"
Coroner: No certain cause for oxygen loss that led to Otto Warmbier's death
Federal employees honored at gala get Trump's praise
'Miracles really do happen': Rep. Steve Scalise returns to Congress 15 weeks after he was shot
The Latest: US envoy says Myanmar abusing Muslim minority
White House spokeswoman says Trump and Alabama's Roy Moore 'don't agree' on gay rights
Trump says he hopes the corporate tax rate will fall to 15 percent
Protesters criticize DeVos and change on campus sexual assault probes
Senate confirms Jon Huntsman as Russia ambassador
"Gorsuch speaks at Trump's D.C. hotel, drawing protesters"
Trump's lawyers just can't stop stepping in it
A database error may be why Jared Kushner appeared to be registered to vote as a woman
"Tom Price apologizes for private-charter flights, pledges to repay taxpayers nearly $52,000"
Watch a little girl steal popcorn from Prince Harry
"Will the middle class get a tax break? Hard to tell, experts say."
Puerto Rico's humanitarian crisis nowhere more obvious than at hospitals
This is the new top general coordinating military operations with FEMA in Puerto Rico
"Will the middle class catch a tax break? Hard to tell, experts say."
Abbas condemns Palestinian attack that killed 3 Israelis
"Dutch, allies drop call for inquiry into Yemen rights abuses"
The Latest: China says 'no quick fix' for Rohingya crisis
Standing for the national anthem does not make you a patriot. Here's what does.
Trump administration targets 'sanctuary' cities in latest wave of immigration arrests
FBI ceremony notable for its no-shows amid Russia probe
The Latest: Russia urges no 'excessive pressure' on Myanmar
Getting relief supplies to Puerto Rico ports is only half the problem
