"Democrats, Republicans keep close eye on Alabama as polls near close in Senate election"
"Democrats, Republicans keep close eye on Alabama as voting nears end in Senate election"
10 tough questions Senate Republicans will have to ask themselves if Roy Moore wins
How abortion became Roy Moore's response to sexual misconduct allegations
"Toshiba, Western Digital deal to allow sale of chip unit"
Polls close in Alabama special election that holds national impact
Trump attack on Gillibrand criticized as sexually suggestive and demeaning
'In the gutter': White House again denies what many think Trump meant
Trump bashes Gillibrand using a favored weapon: Innuendo as insult
UN official: NKoreans say it's important to prevent war
New Zealand space launch scrubbed from remote launch site
"Accused of molesting a teenage girl, Kentucky lawmaker refuses to resign"
AP Exclusive: Sold NKorean brides face hard choices in China
Venezuelan judge orders Utah man be tried on weapons charges
Venezuelan judge orders that jailed Utah man be tried on weapons charges
Republican takes early lead in Alabama special election that holds national impact
Roy Moore holds early lead in Alabama special election for U.S. Senate
Roy Moore holds lead in Alabama special election for U.S. Senate
"FBI texts reveal anti-Trump, pro-Clinton comments"
Pedophile stopped at Sydney Airport by anti-sex tourism law
Alabama special election for U.S. Senate too close to call
UN official: NKoreans say it is important to prevent war
Democrat declared winner in Alabama race for U.S. Senate
Alabama Senate results: Democrat Doug Jones declared winner over Roy Moore
Doug Jones's victory scrambles the Republican congressional agenda
Doug Jones projected to win Alabama's U.S. Senate special election
Jones supporters celebrate after election is called
"Toshiba, Western Digital make peace on sale of chip unit"
Alabama presented the demographic nightmare that's been looming for the Republican Party
Jones seized the moment to score an unexpected Senate win
Democrats just won Alabama - and their clearest path yet to taking back the Senate
Roy Moore's loss in Alabama was a self-inflicted wound by Senate GOP
Indonesia politician's graft trial delayed by stomach woes
Doug Jones declared victor in Alabama race for Senate; Roy Moore may seek recount
Democrats are jubilant - and newly confident about 2018 - as Alabama delivers win on Trump's turf
'It's not over': Moore raises possibility of recount
"Doug Jones's victory speech, in three minutes"
"In Alabama, a lousy night for Republicans and a resounding defeat for Trump"
Men due to leave Gitmo under Obama seem stuck under Trump
"With Moore's defeat, #MeToo movement forces a reckoning"
Why Roy Moore's hope for a recount is a very long long shot
China marks Nanking Massacre's 80th anniversary
"Heeding Bannon in Alabama election, Trump gambles and loses"
The widening gap between liberals and the people who hate them
Philippine Congress votes to extend martial law in south
Philippine Congress votes to approve president's request to extend martial law by a year in south
"Under Putin, Russia increases clout in the Middle East"
Jones wins U.S. Senate seat in Alabama; Moore refuses to concede
Israel hits Hamas in Gaza after rocket fire at Israeli city
Okinawa boy injured after window falls off US Marine chopper
Alabama Democrats revel in victory after Doug Jones captures Senate seat
Fact-checking Jimmy Kimmel on CHIP funding
What does Doug Jones's win mean for the country?
Four reactions after Doug Jones wins Alabama's U.S. Senate special election
Bangladesh: Accused NYC attacker followed radical preacher
Islamic nations seek response to Trump's move on Jerusalem
'I'm just so incredibly proud': Jones's supporters celebrate victory
"Iranian media: Another quake, magnitude 6.1 hits the south"
'I don't think he could have done anything differently': Moore's supporters react to defeat
Saudi Arabia frees 82-year-old former judge after 5 years
Russian court freezes assets of major conglomerate
Watchdog: Egypt remains among worst jailers of journalists
Gas flows restored after explosion at Austrian hub
France seeks ways to boost anti-jihadi force in Africa
Hong Kong judges to decide on UK banker's murder appeal
Thailand welcomes easing of EU political sanctions
Russia moves to block Khodorkovsky's news website
Palestinian President Abbas says Palestinians won't accept any role for US in Mideast peace process 'from now on'
The Latest: Turkey's Erdogan says Israel is a 'terror state'
The Latest: Abbas says no role for US in Mideast peace push
Germany to probe how smart TV makers handle personal data
Ex-king Michael's coffin arrives in Romania ahead of funeral
"Retired military leaders urge Trump to choose words, not action, to deal with North Korea"
The Latest: Abbas: UN should lead Mideast peace process
UN court to hear appeal in Serbian lawmaker's acquittal
Suspected Saudi-led coalition airstrikes kill 15 in Yemen
European Central Bank in no hurry to yank stimulus
Hong Kong judges to consider UK banker's murder appeal
Palestinian president says no role for US in peace process
How Democrats are dominating special elections - in one graph
EU agrees to catch more fish sustainably in 2018
The Latest: Islamic summit calls for Palestine recognition
Rio's Pentecostal mayor takes on the capital of Carnival
Collision in Switzerland's Gotthard road tunnel kills 2
"Another deadly blaze strikes Beijing, killing 5"
The Latest: Iran president blasts US Jerusalem decision
Alabama election result seen as 'miracle' in a Europe horrified by Trump
Press group says Myanmar journalists arrested over documents
Saudi king prioritizes economic reforms for coming year
"As Democrats add Senate seat, GOP left to bicker over what happened in Alabama"
"'4 Little Girls,' 'Titanic' and 'Die Hard' added to Library of Congress registry"
Greek Supreme Court approves request to extradite Russian bitcoin fraud suspect Alexander Vinnik to United States
Germany mulls more money for victims after Berlin attack
"Venezuela's opposition, prisoners win EU human rights award"
Muslim leaders attending Istanbul summit on Jerusalem
'He is a bully': Gillibrand hits back at Trump over demeaning tweet on 'Today'
"Betsy DeVos may not recognize it, but these public schools work"
Roy Moore thought attacking the press could save his campaign. Voters opted for the truth.
A singer spoke up about sexual harassment in country music. Now she's being sued.
Tennessee to investigate ACT Inc. after controversy over student test scores
Judge bars disgraced former House speaker Dennis Hastert from being alone with children
'He is a bully': Gillibrand hits back at Trump over demeaning tweet
Many black voters supported Doug Jones to keep Roy Moore's 'Alabama values' out of Washington
An old letter sheds light on FBI's malice toward Martin Luther King Jr.
'A spiritual battle:' How Roy Moore tested white evangelical allegiance to the Republican Party
"News media offers consistently warped portrayals of black families, study finds"
Rwanda-backed report alleges France's role in 1994 genocide
The Health 202: Doug Jones victory nearly closes the GOP doorway to Obamacare repeal
Group protests human rights activist's detention in Burundi
Men with kids in Alabama stood by Roy Moore. Women with kids didn't.
Swedish 'Laserman' on trial in Germany over 1992 killing
The Finance 202: Doug Jones victory will likely speed up Republican tax train
The Daily 202: Six takeaways from Doug Jones's stunning win in Alabama's Senate race
Rosenstein likely to be grilled on FBI bias in appearance on Capitol Hill
Trump's chutzpah-laden Alabama debacle
"Saudi Arabia, UAE pledge to provide $130 million to fight jihadi threat in Africa's Sahel region."
New Czech government led by billionaire Babis sworn in
"The Latest: Muslim nations reject Trump, back Palestinians"
The Energy 202: The Pentagon takes climate change very seriously. This government watchdog says that's not enough.
Moore's defeat in Alabama could diminish Bannon's influence over Trump
The Latest: Merkel cites urgency of fighting Sahel jihadists
Black voters in Alabama saw Roy Moore as the local Trump
"New US Embassy in UK: No perimeter fence, benches for public"
The Latest: Turkey says US mediation in Mideast is 'over'
The Latest: Macron predicts 'victories' over Africa jihadis
"Zimbabwe seizes $500,000 worth of ivory on way to Malaysia"
Suspected Saudi-led airstrikes kill 15 in Yemen
US announces new assistance to Lebanese military
Myanmar says 2 Reuters journalists arrested over documents
Politicians react to Alabama with congratulations for Jones and blame for Bannon
"With unity in peril, EU leaders tackle refugee quotas"
Ex-king Michael's coffin flown to Romania ahead of funeral
"Minn. gov. will appoint his lieutenant, Tina F. Smith, to replace Franken in Senate"
Democrats call for halt to GOP tax bill until Jones is seated in the Senate
House Judiciary Committee chairman accuses special counsel of 'insider bias'
Rosenstein to be grilled on FBI bias in appearance on Capitol Hill
The Latest: Muslim summit rejects Trump's Jerusalem move
Polish top journalists oppose fine on US-owned broadcaster
"As Democrats add Senate seat, GOP left to cast blame over Alabama failure"
Rep. Nadler attacks Trump for trying to 'discredit' the FBI
Has Mueller expanded the Russia investigation?
"Rosenstein defends DOJ agents as 'honorable, principled and trustworthy'"
"Minn. governor will appoint his lieutenant, Tina F. Smith, to replace Franken in Senate"
Rep. Nadler attacks Trump for trying to 'discredit' the Justice Department
Court document points to Kaspersky Lab's cooperation with Russian security service
Rosenstein faces grilling on FBI bias in appearance on Capitol Hill
African anti-jihadi force gets millions after French meeting
UN court hears appeal in Serbian lawmaker's acquittal
Man charged with kidnapping British model opens in Italy
German lawmakers face criticism over wage system
'You are done': A secret letter to Martin Luther King Jr. sheds light on FBI's malice
The Latest: Mali warns IS fighters could come to Africa
Rosenstein defends Mueller as GOP lawmakers raise questions of bias in Russia probe
Baby's heart placed back inside her chest in rare surgeries
New lawyer could delay Belgium trial of Paris terror suspect
Hear Rep. Cohen call out Republicans for growing criticisms of FBI
Rosenstein grilled on FBI bias in appearance on Capitol Hill
Police arrest one of Brazil's most wanted drug traffickers
"Minnesota governor will appoint his lieutenant, Tina F. Smith, to replace Franken in Senate"
'Unfit to clean toilets': USA Today's unusually forceful editorial about Trump
For the 2nd time in a week Italy nabs women on mafia charges
Suspected Saudi-led airstrikes kill 23 in Yemen
Palestinian leader rejects US role in peace process
Former 'Apprentice' star Omarosa Manigault Newman to leave White House
Sweden to re-establish military unit on Baltic Sea island
3 big questions about North Korea and no-precondition talks
The Latest: Israel PM tells Palestinians to 'work for peace'
African anti-jihadi force gets $130 million at French meet
Democrats want Senate Republicans to wait for Doug Jones to vote on the tax bill. Good luck with that.
"Venezuelans seeing bitcoin boom as survival, not speculation"
The Latest: White House says it's still seeking Mideast deal
UK surgeon admits signing initials on patients' livers
"Twelve counties flipped to the Democrats in Alabama. In 11, Jones got more votes than Clinton."
"Congo court sentences 12 to life for child rapes, murder"
Official: Brussels trial of Paris terror suspect postponed
Trump aims to get a vote on tax plan quickly
"Trump thinks write-ins like Nick Saban were 'a very big factor' in Alabama. Wrong, again."
Congo court sentences 12 to life for gang-raping children
Democrats criticize GOP's compromise tax plan as 'dishonest' and 'a disaster'
"Two controversial federal judge nominees will not be confirmed, Senate Republican says"
'We'll get it done': Sen. Hatch says GOP is close to compromise on tax bill
How Steve Bannon's big bet on Roy Moore backfired
The new U.S. embassy in London: a crystalline 'sugar cube' worth a billion dollars
Joe Biden and Meghan McCain deliver a feel-good moment of bipartisanship
"Fracking sites raise the risk of low-birth-weight babies, new study says"
Another human foot washes ashore in British Columbia
Rep. Terri Sewell: Black women's vote is 'the real story' of Jones's victory
"Fracking sites may raise the risk of underweight babies, new study says"
Three men who laughed as they dragged a shark behind a motorboat could go to prison
"Okay, now Republicans' tax bill is close to becoming reality"
Enrollment in ACA health plans ahead of same time last year but sign-up chance dwindling
Abbas says UN should replace US as Mideast mediator
Brady says conference bill will be 'fair'
Israel intercepts 2 rockets from Gaza in latest exchange
Alabama is strong evidence that Trump might want to ignore Bannon's political advice
Romania: Applause greets ex-king's coffin at Royal Palace
Trump says he wants Americans to get a 'giant tax cut for Christmas'
How a baby born with her heart outside her body survived
"Global warming boosted Hurricane Harvey's rainfall by at least 15 percent, studies find"
Heading out to watch the Geminid meteor shower? Check this cloud forecast first.
"Firefighters battling historic California blaze report progress, but threat of 'extreme fire behavior' remains"
Watch the last time people walked and rolled on the Moon 45 years ago
What is college for? (Hint: It's not just about getting in.)
Trump: 'We're proud to be the deplorables'
A baby was born with her heart outside her body - and survived
Peru seeks arrest of lay leader accused of abuse
"Ukraine, Poland move to mend ties strained by views on WWII"
"Enrollment in ACA health plans up from same time last year, but sign-up chance dwindling"
Killings of women soared in last decade amid Mexico drug war
How Alabamians voted
"Trump said write-ins were 'a very big factor' in Alabama. Wrong, again."
GOP continues push toward compromise tax bill despite criticism from Democrats
Poland's new PM marks anniversary of 1981 martial law
Constitutional arguments begin in Canadian polygamy case
'I was right!' Being Donald Trump means never saying you were wrong
Many Alabama voters want Jones to represent them - and to stand up to Trump
"'It's our little Trump safe space.' In troubled times, the president's D. C. hotel is a refuge for his fans"
Democrats call on GOP to hold off on tax bill until Jones is seated in the Senate
Alabamians react to Jones's win
Senators react to Alabama election from Capitol Hill
Authorities in Bangladesh say Manhattan bomber was 'self-radicalized'
WTO summit ends without substantial deals after US criticism
Grassley: Two controversial federal bench nominees won't be confirmed
Bermuda Senate votes to end same-sex marriage in territory
Ecuador VP sentenced to 6 years in Odebrecht corruption case
"UN chief: Iran may be defying UN on missiles, OK on nukes"
Spike in murders of women erases decades of gains in Mexico
Alabama was supposed to turn Steve Bannon and Breitbart into kingmakers. Now what?
"Trump is ahead of schedule on everything, whether or not a schedule exists"
Black voters in Selma put Doug Jones over the top. The symbolism wasn't lost on activists.
Authorities in Bangladesh say Manhattan bombing suspect was 'self-radicalized'
Alabama representatives weigh in on Doug Jones' Senate win
False accusations against Schumer are the latest attempt to trick the media
'I was right!' Being Donald Trump means never saying you were wrong.
Video shows officers handcuffing a shrieking 11-year-old at gunpoint
Three lines of attack Republicans use to question Rosenstein
Trump catapults Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand into the spotlight
