"Strong earthquake shakes Mexico, killing at least 119 people"
"US report: Egypt falls short on rights, Sinai monitor access"
RNC taps legal account to help pay for President Trump's lawyers in Russia probes
Puerto Rico braces for a potential direct hit from Hurricane Maria
New Zealand officials cancel flights due to fuel shortage
The Latest: Earthquake drill followed by real deal in Mexico
South Korea says Trump North Korea rhetoric shows US resolve
"Stopped at US border, Haitians find 'Mexican dream' instead"
"Trump defends 'America first' foreign policy at U.N., threatens to 'totally destroy' North Korea"
APNewsBreak: US report says Egypt falls short on rights
Democrats ask base for one more ACA rescue mission
7.1 magnitude quake kills 120 as buildings crumble in Mexico
The Latest: Death in Oaxaca raises Mexican quake toll to 120
"Happy 10th birthday, Fact Checker!"
The Fact Checker's 10th anniversary
Civil Defense agency says Mexico earthquake death toll reaches 139
7.1 magnitude quake kills 139 as buildings crumble in Mexico
The Latest: Civil Defense: Mexico quake death toll hits 139
Reaction to Trump's UN General Assembly speech
Trump on Hurricanes Harvey and Irma: 'We've had bigger storms than this.'
"Strong earthquake shakes Mexico, killing at least 139 people"
The Latest: Nominations for Latin Grammy Awards postponed
The Latest: NATO chief welcomes Trump's new Afghan strategy
The Latest: UN secretary-general saddened by Mexico deaths
The Latest: Buildings tumbled in Mexican town near epicenter
The Latest: Japan welcomes Trump's mention of abduction
Jitters and surprise in South Korea and Japan over Trump's speech to the U.N.
149 killed as 7.1 magnitude quake fells buildings in Mexico
The Latest: Death toll from Mexican earthquake rises to 149
Death toll rises to 9 in South Florida nursing home that overheated
AP Interview: NATO chief welcomes Trump's new approach
The Latest: Chinese expert says Trump speech sounded warlike
"Strong earthquake shakes Mexico, killing at least 146 people"
Anti-nuclear weapons protesters scale Australian building
"Special counsel's office has interviewed Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, who has authority over probe"
"Strong earthquake shakes Mexico, killing at least 149 people"
Asian stocks flat as investors await Fed meeting results
"In Mexico City, hundreds join in chaotic rescue"
The Latest: Mexico's president says 22 dead at fallen school
Mexico's president says 22 bodies recovered from collapsed school in capital; 38 still missing
Trump's North Korea threats leave Asia struggling to explain
Trump's 'principled realism' is an incoherent mess
The Latest: Mexico president says first priority is rescue
"Pelting rain, relocation add to woes in Rohingya Muslim camp"
UN chief to open signing for 1st nuclear ban treaty
Australia prime minister says 50 refugees will soon go to US
"Mexico civil defense agency raises quake death toll to 226, more than half in capital"
The Latest: Death toll rises to 226 from Mexico earthquake
They said Melania Trump was the face of success. She made them take down billboards with her face.
"Strong earthquake shakes Mexico, killing at least 226 people"
Foundation to create special reserve for albino orangutan
Mexicans dig in rubble seeking survivors as quake kills 248
"As Syrian war winds down, Israel sets sights on Hezbollah"
'A more efficient university': UT-Austin raises on-time graduation rate.
Girl's mother thankful Trump spoke of abduction in UN speech
President Trump's claim that 'we've had bigger storms' than Harvey and Irma
"As Trump presses for a border wall, there's a new Coast Guard record for drug seizures at sea"
Trump's North Korea threat leaves Asia struggling to explain
"Strong earthquake shakes Mexico, killing more than 200 people"
AP Interview: New Zealand PM wants to extend economic gains
AP Interview: New Zealand hopeful targets sustainable growth
Turkish minister confirms agents' captured by Kurdish rebels
Mexicans dig through collapsed buildings as quake kills 248
The Latest: Mexicans dig through rubble as quake toll rises
Kenya Supreme Court says why it annulled presidential poll
Trump's trashing of Iran deal poses problems for NK strategy
Police arrests Catalan official amid referendum crackdown
Leader of Indonesia attack plot gets 11 years' in prison
Zara store owner sees solid profit growth in H1
"In stark UN speech, Trump threatens to 'destroy' North Korea"
"US report points to Egyptian abuses, anti-democracy actions"
"2 killed, 3 injured in rare shooting incident in Taiwan"
Mexico City residents search through the night for survivors of quake that killed more than 200
Lawyer says 81-year-old American held in Iran has surgery
UK police arrest two more people in London subway bombing
Japan's emperor visits shrine for ancient Korean settlers
Rescuers wriggle into collapsed school after Mexico quake
The Latest: Death toll rises in on island of Guadeloupe
Would Trump attack North Korea? Here's what we learned from his 'Rocket Man' speech at the U.N.
London police arrest 2 more in subway bombing investigation
The Latest: Police arrests Catalan crackdown
Spanish media say police arrest 12 people in increasing crackdown on Catalan pro-independence officials
Italian-speakind doctor chosen for Swiss executive branch
The Latest: Maria weakens to Category 4 but still dangerous
"Under latest health-care bill, red states would benefit disproportionately"
Why doesn't the Muslim community look up to its black celebrities?
U.S. prisoner in Iran has pacemaker put in as Trump calls for Tehran to free him
Mexicans dig through collapsed buildings as quake kills 217
Greece oil spill: 2 crew of cleanup vessel arrested
Mexico civil defense chief lowers number of confirmed dead in earthquake to 217
Leader of Indonesia attack plot gets 11 years in prison
Fire on explorer Cousteau's ship delays restoration work
"Symbol of French Socialists' demise, posh HQ is up for sale"
The Latest: Spain takes control of Catalan govt spending
Global stocks flat as investors await Fed meeting results
"North Korea is likely to fire more missiles after Trump's speech, experts say"
Family pays tribute to slain British kayaker
The Latest: Kenya Supreme Court says why it nixed poll
Reports: 12 Catalan officials arrested over secession vote
Will Republicans have enough votes to repeal Obamacare?
AP Interview: Morocco to expand counterterror efforts abroad
Election may reflect Germany's management of migrant influx
Moody's: Egypt economy still recovering from 2011 uprising
"Trump's tax proposals are wildly out of sync with what most Americans would do, our new study shows"
Hurricane Maria lashes Puerto Rico with force not seen in 'modern history'
"Catalan leader accuses Spain of ""totalitarian attitude,"" ""unlawful"" arrest of officials; says vote will go ahead"
Romania's Merry Cemetery offers visitors dark humor
The Daily 202: Why conservatives loved Trump's U.N. speech so much
Hurricane Maria hammers Puerto Rico with force not seen in 'modern history'
China finds Trump threats to North Korea unhelpful
The Latest: Maria makes landfall in Puerto Rico
Hurricane Maria hits Puerto Rico after slamming Dominica
The Latest: Catalan leader accuses Spain of totalitarianism
Palestinian rights groups hand dossier on Israel to court
How to increase trust in the media: Just forget the First Amendment
"The Latest: Roofs fly, windows break as Maria makes landfall"
Italian-speaking doctor chosen for Swiss executive branch
The Latest: Spain cancels time off for officers in Catalonia
Patten urges China not to see Hong Kongers as dissidents
The Finance 202: Is the GOP really backing off tax cuts for the rich? We'll see.
China announces trade secrets crackdown to assure investors
Spanish police arrest Catalan officials over secession vote
Syria: Battle for IS capital reaches 'final stages'
The Health 202: Everything you need to know about who stands where on Graham-Cassidy
Global stocks flat as investors await Fed meeting outcome
The Latest: Maria's death toll rises to 8 in Caribbean
China-Singapore relations warm during Lee's visit
Germany: Syrian refugee jailed over UN observer's abduction
The Latest: Independence supporters scuffle with guards
'We are here to rescue you': Residents dig through rubble with bare hands in search for Mexico quake survivors
Kenya Supreme Court nixed poll because it couldn't see data
The Latest: UN head opens signing for 1st nuclear ban treaty
The Energy 202: Congress want to fix firefighting in federal forests. But it can't agree on how.
The Latest: Countries begin signing nuclear ban treaty at UN
Trump call for keeping refugees close to home angers Lebanon
Nations to sign nuclear ban treaty opposed by big powers
Poor ratings at the Emmys were not a function of a pro-Trump backlash
Ready to deal this time? Alaska's Murkowski is in the health-care spotlight. Again.
The Energy 202: Hurricanes are dominating the news. But forest fires are raging out West.
"At EPA, guarding the chief pulls agents from pursuing environmental crimes"
Boris Johnson muscles his way to center of UK Brexit debate
"Torrential rains, flooding kill at least 12 in eastern Congo"
Nations start signing nuke ban treaty opposed by big powers
Toshiba board decides on chip sale to Bain Capital group
Does Jimmy Kimmel really understand the GOP health-care bill?
China to Trump: That speech on North Korea was really unhelpful
Turkish officer hit by rotor blade dies at police school
Philippine troops kill 9 communist rebels in village clash
Fire on Cousteau's ship in Turkey delays restoration work
Egypt court orders detention of 24 minority Nubians 15 days
Kimmel rips into Cassidy for failing 'his own test' on health care
"Graham-Cassidy bill would cut funding to 34 states, new report shows"
"Report: Iran group hacks aviation, petrochemical industries"
The Latest: Spain seizes 10 million Catalan ballot papers
German government supports new definition of anti-Semitism
Mexico official says earthquake death toll has risen to 225
Study shows lengthy waits for asylum applicants in Europe
Clash over Catalan vote heats up in Spain as police swoop
"Trump endorses Graham-Cassidy health-care bill, swipes at bill opponent Rand Paul"
The Virginia church of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee has voted to drop his name
"Ambitious Boris Johnson rattles May, shakes up Brexit debate"
Thai authorities detain well-known anti-Muslim Buddhist monk
US stocks slip in early trading ahead of Fed announcement
Mexicans dig through collapsed buildings as quake kills 225
RNC taps legal account to help pay for lawyers for President Trump and son Donald Jr. in Russia probes
The Latest: Barca condemns efforts to halt Catalan vote
US stock indexes inch higher ahead of Fed announcement
Slovenia sentences 2 men for murder streamed live
"Allow me to mansplain 'manspreading' to you, since Hillary Clinton didn't"
"Trump says he's made a decision on the Iran deal, but he won't say what it is"
Death toll in Mexico earthquake rises as citizens frantically look for the missing
"Putin's imaginary successor wins 18 percent in new poll, even though he doesn't exist"
Belarus president: Russian forces won't stay after war games
"The Latest: Maria's eye west of San Juan: high winds, floods"
Raskin warns the next stop for Cassidy-Graham bill could be the House
"Allow me to mansplain 'manspreading' to you, because Hillary Clinton didn't"
How well does Jimmy Kimmel understand the GOP health-care bill?
White House denies Erdogan claim that Trump apologized after Turkish guards assaulted protesters in D.C.
Why Senate Republicans are in such a rush this month on health care
"Under Cassidy-Graham, health-care spending would drop in all but 16 states. Fifteen voted for Trump."
The Trump administration's private plane problem
The Fed is about to do something it has never done before
'This was the longest night' Puerto Rican journalist shares Hurricane Maria experience
"Cassidy-Graham bill would cut funding to 34 states, new report shows"
Kenya's Supreme Court: Here's why we annulled the results of the presidential election. It was a mess.
US stock indexes mixed ahead of Fed announcement; oil rises
NHL hoping to make inroads in China with preseason games
Islamic State backers find ephemeral platform in Instagram
Federal court denies cash awards to 22 million OPM data theft victims
The Latest: VP Pence urges UN to help Rohingya Muslims
The Latest: Refugees who paid for trip left on Greek highway
"Pfizer sues Johnson &#038; Johnson, alleging anticompetitive practices to maintain a drug monopoly"
"Hurricane Maria hits Puerto Rico, heavy flooding reported"
The Latest: Iran leader tells UN that US losing credibility
Melania Trump discusses bullying at U.N. luncheon
"Arecibo Observatory, Puerto Rico's famous radio telescope, is battered by Hurricane Maria"
"Iranian president: Trump comments at UN 'ignorant, absurd'"
"Maria tears off roofs, triggers flooding in Puerto Rico"
The Latest: Official: Homes destroyed on Puerto Rico's coast
Obama says global challenges include 'nationalism and xenophobia'
FYI to Congress: Healthcare is a big concern for millennials
White House denies Erdogan claim that Trump apologized after Turkish guards assaulted D.C. protesters
Iranian president rips into Trump as a 'rogue newcomer' to world politics
Mexicans claw through the rubble to reach survivors after a deadly earthquake
US advises banks to be on lookout for Venezuelan corruption
Obama: Ending Obamacare would cause 'real human suffering'
"John Kelly's facepalm at Trump's U.N. speech: Exasperation, exhaustion or no big deal?"
The Latest: UN Security Council OKs peacekeeping reforms
"Obama's speech at the Gates Foundation, in three minutes"
Trump: 'Africa has tremendous business potential'
"In sign of U.S. economy's strength, Fed to start unwinding major stimulus program"
How a Black Lives Matter activist took the stage and got Trump supporters to listen at last weekend's DC rally
Puerto Rico's power company was already bankrupt. Then Hurricane Maria hit.
"Hurricane Irma may speed the end of orange juice, America's biggest source of 'fruit'"
Puerto Rico entirely without power as Hurricane Maria hammers island with force not seen in 'modern history'
The Latest: Palestinian leader warns Israel on sacred sites
"In sign of U.S. economy's strength, Fed to start reducing $4.5 trillion balance sheet"
"Iranian president: Trump's UN comments 'ignorant, absurd'"
Magnitude-6.1 earthquake strikes off coast of Japan
"McConnell intends to bring repeal bill to Senate floor next week, spokesman says"
Why Mexico is at the epicenter of the month's most prominent natural disasters
Surprise! GOP voters are giving Trump a pass for dealing with Democrats.
"Republicans are voting to repeal Obamacare, but they might not have enough votes"
"Maria knocks out power, triggers flooding in Puerto Rico"
The Latest: Israel calls Palestinian leader's speech 'lies'
The Latest: Official: Maria now Cat 3 storm off Puerto Rico
Pence applauds UN resolution on peacekeeping reform
The Latest: Catalan secession vote finds support in Madrid
The Latest: Japan's leader urges unity at UN on North Korea
Clash over Catalan vote heats up in Spain as police swoop in
Obama says Wednesday that repealing the ACA would inflict 'real human suffering' on Americans
In Trump We (Still) Trust: GOP voters give Trump a pass for dealing with Democrats
Could ADHD be a type of sleep disorder? That would fundamentally change how we treat it.
Vatican diplomat implicated in child porn case has served in India and Hong Kong
University of Virginia's next president has five essential questions for you
"Battle against IS in Raqqa is in 'final stages,' force says"
Palestinian deported from US over 1970 blast lands in Jordan
Obama says repealing the ACA would inflict 'real human suffering' on Americans
"Trump's puzzling speech to African leaders, annotated"
US stock indexes inch lower following Fed announcement
Mueller casts broad net in requesting extensive records from Trump White House
"The Latest: US Virgin Islands: Maria tears away roofs, trees"
Trump trade nominee voted in Virginia several months after moving to Maryland
"A black Cornell student said he was beaten and called the n-word, roiling the Ivy League campus"
Boy killed at huge protests over Togo president's tenure
"Maria destroys homes, triggers flooding in Puerto Rico"
Trump says he's worried about voter fraud. One of his nominees may have voted illegally in Virginia.
Hurricane Maria makes landfall in Puerto Rico
The Latest: Spain's PM warns Catalan officials to drop vote
US allies divided over Trump's threat against North Korea
US stock indexes waver following Fed announcement
Trump says the U.S. is 'a compassionate nation'
"This university leader fled Florida during Hurricane Irma. Now, she has been ousted."
The Latest: British PM urges stronger steps on North Korea
Eric Holder to Justice Department employees: stay put
Emergency workers rush to Dominica after island is devastated by Hurricane Maria
The Latest: Iran's president slams Trump's UN speech
'Substantial cost': UC foots major security bill for free speech
Here's why you should pay attention to this weekend's German election
Over 40 nations ink nuclear ban treaty opposed by big powers
Trump says the latest GOP health care bill has a 'very good chance' of passing
Trump's sloppy handling of his Russia problem is coming back to bite him
Emergency workers rush to Dominica after Hurricane Maria devastates the island
Manafort offered to give Russian billionaire 'private briefings' on 2016 campaign
The 'Christian numerologist' whose biblical doomsday claim has some nervously eyeing Sept. 23
Iranian president says 2015 nuclear deal will 'collapse' if Trump pulls the U.S. out
Your Social Security number may not be secure. But how could we replace it?
"When the bull market ends, who will Trump blame?"
"Republicans tweak Sanders over health care, but Cassidy-Graham could open a path for his bill"
Trump says the latest GOP health-care bill has a 'very good chance' of passing
"US stocks wobble after Fed announcement, but close higher"
The Latest: Maria dips below major hurricane status
Federal prosecutors focus on Robert Menendez's statements about paid trips
The author whose biblical doomsday claim has some nervously eyeing Sept. 23
'Substantial cost': University of California foots major security bill for free speech
"In Mexico City, rich and poor had little in common. Until the earthquake hit."
Janet L. Yellen: Wells Fargo's conduct has been 'unacceptable'
Government watchdog blasts Education Department's financial oversight of colleges
"Black employees of BLT Prime, in Trump International Hotel, allege racial discrimination"
"UN voices new approach to solve Libyan crisis, bring peace"
Yemen rebel leader renews defiance on takeover anniversary
Paul Manafort's ominous email to an aide: 'How do we use [this] to get whole?'
U.S. prisoner in Iran receives pacemaker as Trump calls for Tehran to free him
A GW freshman brought her baking business to college. Small problem with that.
Apple says it's fixing a problem the new Apple Watch has with its Internet connection
The man whose biblical doomsday claim has some nervously eyeing Sept. 23
This university leader fled Florida during Hurricane Irma. Now she's been ousted.
"Mexico quake rescuers race to free girl, other survivors"
Trump team's battle with North Korea has a glaring omission on the front lines
Mitch McConnell knows that the GOP has a problem with women
Ivanka Trump reveals struggles with postpartum depression on 'Dr. Oz'
Boy recalls escape from Mexico City school - and those lost
'You've got to go': How the GOP convinced Trump to campaign in Alabama
"U-Va.'s new president will earn $750,000 a year"
'You've got to go': How the GOP persuaded Trump to campaign in Alabama
A GWU freshman brought her baking business to college. Small problem with that.
The Latest: USVI officials: Tourists should delay visiting
Taxpayer dollars fund most oversight and cleanup costs at Superfund sites
"AP PHOTOS: 24 hours of fear, heroism after Mexico quake"
