"Republicans hammer Mueller, FBI as Russia investigation intensifies"
"Pentagon prepares to accept transgender recruits beginning in January, as Trump's ban hangs in the balance"
Women on Capitol Hill want real change this time. Will it happen?
Senate Democrats call on Franken to resign
'Days that break your heart': Calif. fires consume tens of thousands of acres and encroach on Los Angeles
Yugoslav war crimes court wins praise from many - not Russia
Enrollment in ACA marketplaces brisk yet lags last year's total as deadline nears
Donald Trump Jr. grilled about Russian contacts by House intelligence committee
Cory Booker expected to campaign for Doug Jones in Alabama Senate race
Trump had for months been determined to move U.S. embassy to Jerusalem
Cory Booker expected to campaign for Doug Jones in Alabama's Senate race
Photos of the raging Southern California wildfire
"Blackwater founder discussed trade, terrorism with Russian banker in Seychelles"
"President Trump's speech on Jerusalem as Israel's capital, in 3 minutes"
"In Jerusalem, Trump's speech sparks mixed scenes of celebration and fury"
FBI questions brothers in the death of Border Patrol agent
N. Korea says war is inevitable as allies continue war games
Hatch: U.S. recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital was 'long overdue'
Trump administration asks Supreme Court to overrule precedent helping unions
Blackwater founder Erik Prince denies he owes an ex-business partner $1 million
"Prince discussed trade, terrorism with Russian banker in Seychelles"
"Seventy-six years after he died at Pearl Harbor, a chaplain will get a combat medal"
Bolivia lawmakers vote to ease right abortion restrictions
Clerk Kim Davis denied his right to marry another man. Now he's going to run for her office.
VA tried to reallocate $460 million earmarked for homeless veterans. Now it says that won't happen.
"Probe urged of South Korean facilities that enslaved, abused"
"Millions in Nepal vote for provincial, national elections"
UN envoy meets North Korean foreign minister
China hosts global forum featuring own take on human rights
S. Korea lawmakers urge probe of abuse of vagrants
Mascot designs for 2020 Tokyo Olympics shortlisted
Gay marriage advocates celebrate ahead of Australian vote
S. Korea human rights body urges probe of abuse of vagrants
Where would a U.S. Embassy in Jerusalem actually go?
Hong Kong activist Wong faces new court sentence
Brazil groups look to channel anger into political action
Thai court postpones decision on academic's charges
"For Trump, Jerusalem is an extension of a global culture war"
French president arrives in Qatar amid Arab boycott of Doha
Former Cambodia opposition leader sued over Facebook post
"Cory Booker, Deval Patrick expected to campaign for Doug Jones in Alabama's Senate race"
Malaysian PM gears ruling party for elections due in 2018
"Australian Parliament allows same-sex marriage across nation, 1st weddings expected in February"
Mideast braces for fallout from Trump's move on Jerusalem
The Latest: Erdogan: Trump hurls Mideast into ring of fire
India's cleaning quandary: How to scale the Taj Mahal dome?
"Millions in Nepal vote for provincial, national assemblies"
Australian Parliament allows same-sex marriages
The Latest: Australian Parliament OKs same-sex marriage
History lesson: Do big tax cuts pay for themselves?
"The Latest: West Bank schools, shops closed to protest Trump"
China objects over Indian aerial vehicle crash inside border
Malaysian PM plays ethnic card as he gears for elections
The Latest: 5 register opposition to Australian bill
Saudi royal court condemns as 'irresponsible' Trump administration decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital
Prosecutors seek prison term for ex-Miss Turkey
Dozens of Ugandan troops to be withdrawn from Somalia duty
Turkey's Erdogan heads to Athens for official Greece visit
The Latest: Saudi Arabia slams Trump's Jerusalem recognition
German Social Democrats mull talks on new Merkel government
Kenyan opposition leader Odinga tells US to back off
Judge postpones sentencing of Hong Kong democracy activist
French president arrives in Qatar amid regional isolation
Russian ex-minister gives final argument in corruption trial
The Latest: Hamas leader calls for uprising against Israel
Jailed pro-Kurdish party leader's trial opens in Turkey
The Latest: Netanyahu says others will follow Trump's move
North Korean 'ghost ships' are washing up on the shores of Japan. Why?
Dozens of Ugandan troops withdrawn from Somalia duty
Turkey's Erdogan arrives in Athens for official Greece visit
"The Latest: Baghdad rally, Iraq PM decry US Jerusalem move"
Poland's top politicians meeting over government future
Moore's spokeswoman and CNN anchors get into heated exchanges
China criticizes India over drone crash inside border
"Tillerson: Russia arms, trains, fights with Ukraine rebels"
Kenya says 'swearing-in' of Odinga would be seen as treason
Qatar signs on to buy 12 Rafale fighter jets from France
Russian strategic bombers fly patrol mission from Indonesia
Hamas calls for uprising as Palestinians protest Trump's Jerusalem stance
The Latest: Rex Tillerson defends Trump's move on Jerusalem
"After cutting taxes, Trump looking to localities to raise revenue for infrastructure"
U.S. allies reject Trump's Jerusalem pronouncement as 'very dangerous' and 'catastrophic'
"Why few are celebrating the end of the Islamic State's caliphate, and 6 other global stories"
The Latest: Erdogan's visit to Greece starts on tense note
"The Latest: Taliban, Afghan president slam Jerusalem move"
Bitcoin firm hacked days before major US exchange opens
"EU takes Czechs, Hungary, Poland to court over refugees"
Experts scramble to monitor long-dormant Iceland volcano
"Pope names new archbishops for Paris, Mexico City"
Visit to Greece by Turkish president off to tense start
"The Latest: Palestinians burn Trump, Netanyahu posters"
Watchdog says Muslim Sufi shrines in Libya face more attacks
UN experts ask Bahrain to respect prominent sheikh's rights
Polish PM survives ouster vote called by opposition
"'This will be bad,' clashes break out in West Bank over Trump Jerusalem speech"
The Latest: Africa's al-Shabab urges Muslim to take up arms
This fighter pilot flew the last mission over Japan in WWII. Then he learned to love his enemy.
"Bankrupt Toys R Us can pay executives millions of dollars in bonuses, judge rules"
"They bragged about their 1983 'heinous' racial killing for years, prosecutors say"
'I have this thing called autism': A boy's eloquent message to his fourth-grade classmates
"Pathologist of 'Concussion' fame accuses Calif. sheriff of mutilating corpses, meddling with investigations"
Kim Davis denied his right to marry another man. Now David Ermold is going to run against her.
Nikki Haley: North Korea threat makes U.S. Olympic participation an 'open question'
"Protests across Palestinian areas, Mideast after Trump move"
"Thousands of Catalans rally, feeling abandoned by the EU"
Private school in Lebanon regrets showing Israel on a map
'This will be bad': Clashes break out in West Bank over Trump Jerusalem speech
Franken announcement expected Thursday as fellow Democrats demand his resignation
The Latest: Islamists across Pakistan rally against Trump
Australian Parliament approves same-sex marriage measure after bitter debate
Regional leaders accuse Trump of trying to 'blow' up the region with Jerusalem move
UN: 12 Syrians die awaiting evacuation from besieged area
Polish PM's fate uncertain amid talk of a reshuffle
Jewish cemetery dug up to make way for supermarket in Poland
Tense start for Turkish leader Erdogan's visit to Greece
The Latest: EU fears 'darker times' over US Jerusalem move
The Daily 202: Push for Al Franken's resignation shows importance of women in Congress
The Finance 202: GOP raids their own corporate rate cut to pay for tax bill fixes
Putin undecided whether to run as an independent or not
"Tillerson: US, Russia could normalize ties but for Ukraine"
"Stock markets subdued as investors focus on US tax, jobs"
Germany's Social Democrats mull talks on backing Merkel govt
The Latest: Czech PM wants EU to withdraw migrants lawsuit
Mideast leaders accuse Trump of inflaming the region with Jerusalem move
The Latest: Hezbollah denounces US move on Jerusalem
"Boat carrying pilgrims capsizes off Pakistan, 14 dead"
The Energy 202: Trump has backed away from regulating methane. Now industry says it will reduce emissions itself.
The Health 202: Senate GOP intensifies push to send more cash to Obamacare marketplaces
Queen Elizabeth commissions aircraft carrier with her name
Top diplomat says Ukraine sticking point in US-Russia ties
Argentine judge seeks arrest of ex-President Fernandez
Argentine judge asks for prosecution of ex-President Fernandez on charge of treason in bomb case
Prominent Egyptian lawyer wins human rights prize
Italy man arrested on suspicion of poisoning entire family
Raging wildfires tear through Southern California as officials warn of increasing danger
Palestinians clash with Israeli troops in protests over Trump's Jerusalem speech
The Latest: Palestinians lightly wounded in clashes
Trump and his base are reshaping partisanship
"John Conyers is out. Al Franken might be, too. Are we making progress on sexual harassment?"
"FBI director to face lawmakers' quesitons about bureau's handling of Trump, Clinton probes"
"Bitcoin tops $15,000; hack raises concerns ahead of US trade"
Zimbabwe proposes budget aimed at reviving bleak economy
"Steyer's impeachment ad cut from 'Fox and Friends,' again"
Hamas has called for a new 'intifada' against Israel. Here's what that means.
"FBI director to face lawmakers' questions about bureau's handling of Trump, Clinton probes"
Sessions in Colombia to discuss combating drug trafficking
The Latest: Abbas: World backing Palestinians against Trump
Rep. Speier calls for victim-centric sexual harassment complaint process
Putin to visit Egypt next week
Palestinians protest Trump move on Jerusalem
Gloria Lett describes her experiences of discrimination
Office of Compliance director defends handling of sexual harassment complaints
All the unanswered questions surrounding the attack on Rand Paul
"USOC, NBC respond to Nikki Haley's suggestion that North Korea could cause U.S. to skip Olympics"
The Latest: Nobel laureate Tutu denounces Jerusalem move
Al Franken finds unlikely defenders on Fox News
Years after Lehman: final rules set on strengthening banks
"Across the Mideast, friends and foes of the U.S. denounce Trump's Jerusalem move"
Tillerson vows no warming with Russia until it leaves Ukraine
"FBI director defends bureau's integrity as critics question handling of Trump, Clinton probes"
Tillerson says Ukraine is a sticking point in US-Russia ties
The Latest: Merkel opposes US recognition of Jerusalem
Germany urges Libya to improve refugee camp conditions
Al Franken announces he will resign from the Senate
Sen. Franken to resign in 'coming weeks'
Sen. Strange thanks Alabama in farewell speech
Sen. Strange decries 'entrenched factionalism' in the Senate
"Leaders of Turkey, Greece air grievances at tense conference"
The Latest: Israel says rockets fired from Gaza fall short
UN condemns 'heinous' sale of migrants in Libya as slaves
Sen. Franken's full remarks on the Senate floor
McConnell thanks Sen. Strange for his 'extraordinary commitment'
Franken says he will resign in 'coming weeks'
3 people reported dead amid gunfire at New Mexico high school
Alaska just reported one of the most extreme snowfall rates on record: 10 inches per hour
French far-right militants convicted in mosque occupation
Poland: Jewish community dismayed by digging at old cemetery
Trump administration praises Honduras amid election crisis
The Latest: Hezbollah chief calls for protests against US
Paris tributes planned for late rock icon Johnny Hallyday
Ukraine parliament removes anti-corruption official
"Al Franken's defiant, unapologetic resignation speech, annotated"
"So, how much credit do Democrats get for pushing Al Franken out?"
"'Radical homosexuals?' Anderson Cooper's contentious interview with Roy Moore's spokeswoman, annotated"
Raging wildfires tear through Southern California as officials warn of 'extreme fire danger'
'Armageddon': Apocalyptic images show the devastation caused by raging Southern California fires
The odd episode of Sam Seder's firing - and rehiring - by MSNBC
The odd history of the seat that Al Franken is giving up
Donald Trump Jr.'s brazen claim of attorney-client privilege suggests Trump team desperation - again
Trump has backed away from regulating methane. Now industry says it will reduce emissions itself.
Cliven Bundy's fight against the feds has roots in interpretation of Mormon scripture
Liberia court says presidential runoff vote can go ahead
The Latest: German Social Democrats back talks on government
Liberia court clears the way for presidential runoff vote to go forward after fraud challenge
Germany's center-left Social Democrats agree to hold talks with Merkel's party on joining or supporting a new government
"3 reported dead, 15 injured amid gunfire at New Mexico high school"
Ex-NFL star Warren Moon denies sexual harassment claims
"Larry Nassar, USA Gymnastics doctor, sentenced to 60 years on child porn charges"
Southern California wildfires burn across communities as officials warn of 'extreme fire danger'
Tillerson says Ukraine key sticking point in US-Russia ties
"US, Colombia vow to redouble efforts against drug trade"
Germany's Social Democrats OK talks on a new Merkel govt
An accuser says Franken's speech missed the mark: 'No apology'
The Latest: UN Security Council to meet on Jerusalem
"Congress set to delay shutdown, setting up bigger spending fight later"
"Surge in gun sales after Sandy Hook shooting led to spike in accidental gun deaths, study says"
Weekend of Paris tributes for late rock star Johnny Hallyday
Wildfires rage across Southern California as officials warn of 'very threatening' conditions
"2 students killed in shooting at New Mexico high school, authorities say"
"Surge in gun sales after Sandy Hook led to spike in accidental gun deaths, study says"
"North Korean 'ghost ships' are washing up on the shores of Japan, prompting questions about why now"
The Latest: Palestinians call for UN action on Jerusalem
Polish ruling party spokeswoman: Finance Minister Mateusz Morawiecki will replace Beata Szydlo as prime minister
Pearl Harbor survivor starts singing next to Trump
"FBI director defends bureau's integrity as GOP lawmakers press him on Trump, Clinton probes"
Trump: Pearl Harbor attack was a 'pretty wild scene'
Argentine ex-president Cristina Fernandez charged with treason
Why it matters: The US pivot on Jerusalem
The Latest: Palestinians say they won't meet with Pence
Polish finance chief Morawiecki to be the new prime minister
Senior Palestinian official: Palestinians will not meet Pence during upcoming visit over Jerusalem recognition
"White House: Trump has scheduled a physical, and his slurred speech was caused by a dry throat"
Trump meets with congressional leaders to discuss spending deal
Homeland Security to create new office focused on countering weapons of mass destruction
UN says 230 reportedly killed in Yemen in recent conflict
Watch the full ceremony honoring Pearl Harbor survivors at the White House
The marginalized voices of the #MeToo movement
Blue scare: The new litmus test being applied in defense of Trump and Roy Moore
Sanders: Trump will undergo physical exam early next year
"Once again, a government shutdown could mean no pay for deployed U.S. troops"
Senate steps up scrutiny of congressional sexual harassment complaints
Lawmakers look for ways to prevent sexual harassment in Congress
Sanders says questioning Trump's health based on his slurring is 'ridiculous.' Has she forgotten 2016?
Fire and fear stretch across Southern California as wildfires roar through communities
Friends and foes of the U.S. denounce Trump's Jerusalem move
"Palestinians protest Trump move, more unrest feared"
House panel weighs changes to how sexual harassment is reported and settled in Congress
rgentine ex-president Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner charged with treason
"House passes spending bill, sending measure to Senate to stave off shutdown"
"'We're losing a lot': On eve of Trump visit, Mississippi blacks say he's brought back troubles of the past"
Cassidy: 'Franken didn't have to resign'
White House says questioning Trump's health based on slurring is 'ridiculous.' Has it forgotten 2016?
President John F. Kennedy and the first lady arrive at Buckingham Palace
Blue scare: The new litmus test being applied in defense of President Trump and Roy Moore
Argentine ex-president Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner charged with treason
The Latest: Somalia calls Trump Jerusalem move 'dangerous'
"Poland: Time abroad, in finance seen as assets of PM nominee"
Why Democrats decided Franken had to go
"21 GOP governors write Congress, urging completion of a tax bill. What about the other 13?"
Graham: 'I wish the RNC wasn't supporting Roy Moore'
Anti-Trump bias? Two mistakes at ABC News show it's not that simple.
Al Franken's political career began with an apology to women. It ended without one.
Stabenow: Franken 'did the right thing' by announcing resignation
"On eve of Trump visit, Mississippi blacks say he's brought back troubles of the past"
"Scientists just found the oldest known black hole, and it's a monster"
"With pitch for 'United States of Europe,' German center-left opts to open talks with Merkel"
Many people who like Trump wish he'd change his style - but more love him because of it
Former South Carolina police officer who shot Walter Scott sentenced to 20 years
Polish finance chief Morawiecki to be new prime minister
Rep. Trent Franks of Arizona is expected to resign
Palestinians clash with Israeli troops ahead of 'day of rage' at Trump's Jerusalem move
"Congress passes short-term deal to stave off shutdown, setting up late-December spending fight"
"Inside a $100,000-per-person Trump fundraiser: Chicken, asparagus and 20 minutes of talk"
"Kaine on Franken: 'It's a very sad day, but the behavior was inappropriate'"
21 GOP governors write Congress urging completion of a tax bill. What about the other 13?
Fire and fear stretch across Southern California as wildfires roar from Ventura to San Diego
Apparent White House pick to lead census sparks concern about partisanship
"'Forgiveness is in my heart,' a bereaved mother told the officer who shot her son in the back"
The attack on Pearl Harbor: Unforgettable photos of the bombing
Trump will suspend a rule to limit a pollutant far worse than carbon
We were told violent crime rose in 2016. That may not be true.
All I want for Christmas is a gift of a student loan payment
