Strange to Moore: 'You may resent that the president is my friend'
Education inspector general wants to pull student aid from a popular online university
The Latest: Antigua pleads for debt relief after Irma
Strange accuses Moore of making 'insulting' comments on Trump
"Some U.S. troops watch 'Cops' to train Afghan police. That's a problem, watchdog says."
The Latest: Hurricane Maria approaching Turks and Caicos
The Latest: US envoy: Alleged abuses should be investigated
Nikki Haley said 'everyone' at the U.N. was talking about Burma. Everyone but Trump.
"Trump imposes new sanctions on North Korea, Kim says will 'tame the mentally deranged U.S. dotard with fire'"
The Latest: Bangladesh PM accuses Myanmar of laying mines
Young Mexicans at heart of earthquake recovery
The Latest: Seoul media say North might test nuke in Pacific
South Korean media report North Korean foreign minister has said country may test hydrogen bomb in Pacific
Trump imposes new sanctions on North Korea; Kim says he will 'tame the mentally deranged U.S. dotard with fire'
The Latest: Trump speaks with Puerto Rico governor
Federal estimate shows big win-loss gap among states under Cassidy-Graham bill
The Latest: Kim 1st NKorean ruler to directly address world
"For Rohingya Muslim child refugees, too many losses to count"
"Bomb kills 4 soldiers, wounds 6 in southern Thailand"
"How Tom Price decided chartered, private jets were a good use of taxpayer money"
"The Latest: Admin: Hawaii threat unlikely, can't be ignored"
Trump could learn from federal employee Service to America Medal winners
The Latest: N. Korea says Chinese state media kowtows to US
Germany's Merkel won't be the real winner of Sunday's election
"Search for Mexico quake survivors enters day 4, some success"
The Latest: Officials say nuke missile could fly over Japan
5 things to know about N. Korean leader's rebuke of Trump
Pakistan army says death toll from India shooting rises to 6
The Latest: Analyst says biggest fear is an atmospheric test
US urges all nations to stop the spread of nuclear weapons
Sarah Palin in Alabama: The swamp is 'trying to hijack this presidency.'
Spain's Interior Ministry says authorities arrest man linked to extremist cell in Barcelona attack last month
North Korean leader Kim called Trump a what? A 'dotard'
Rabbis say Bahrain king wants Arab boycott of Israel to end
Jordan's young crown prince makes global debut in UN speech
Is President Trump vindicated on his claim of 'wires tapped' by Obama?
What can Paul Manafort's actions tell us about the Trump campaign's ties to Russia?
Spain makes new arrest in Barcelona attacks investigation
"Turkey: 4 migrants killed, 20 missing after boat sinks"
Thai police say they have car ex-prime minister used to flee
"Turkish state media: 4 killed, about 20 missing after vessel carrying migrants sinks in Black Sea"
Defiant Rouhani says Iran will press on with missile program
"Japan's prime minister, enjoying a sudden bounce in polls, is set to call a snap election"
"After humdrum German campaign, Merkel hopes for fourth term"
Sarah Palin in Alabama: The swamp is 'trying to hijack this presidency'
Puerto Rico faces weeks without electricity after Maria
"German election: 2 votes, many coalitions and lengthy talks"
Angry French famer block Champs-Elysees in pesticide protest
UK leader to try to break Brexit logjam in Italy speech
Selfies and self-reflection mark New Zealand election race
This Arab country is allowing Muslim women to marry non-Muslim men. That's the good news.
Sweden charges ex-telecom execs in Uzbek corruption scandal
"In defiance to US, Iran unveils new missile during parade"
"Syrian activist, daughter found dead in Turkey"
Hundreds protest amid Spain crackdown on Catalan referendum
Iraqi Shiite militias join battle for IS-held town of Hawija
Turkey to discuss response to Kurdish independence vote
Poland's premier blasts EU before talks with Hungary leader
The Latest: Spain to deploy extra police for Catalonia vote
"In defiance to US, Iran unveils latest missile during parade"
China: Trump bank ban statement 'not consistent' with facts
UK police chief says London subway bomb loaded with shrapnel
'I'm so desperate.' The frantic quest to contact loved ones in Puerto Rico
"Lawyer: Hacker in Spanish custody sought by US, Russia"
Transport for London says it won't renew a license for Uber to operate in the British capital
The Latest: Maria's eye near Turks and Caicos islands
Syrian Kurds vote as part of move toward federal system
"US says it's troubled by Rohingya crisis, Myanmar response"
Russian sub fires cruises missiles at militants in Syria
"Amid new sanctions, Trump calls North Korea's leader 'madman' whose regime will face new tests"
"Funding for home visiting set to expire, leaving early intervention services in limbo for many"
Uber to lose its license to operate in London
Turkey says it won't accept Kurdish independence
"The Daily 202: In Alabama Senate debate, a noun, a verb and Donald Trump"
Why Americans love doomsday prophecies
This underwater 'Ironman' jetpack lets you swim faster than Michael Phelps
Traitors or patriots? Eight Vietnam POWs were charged with collaborating with the enemy.
Swedish court lower sentences for 2 men accused of attacks
Greece makes measles vaccination appeal amid European spike
Syrian refugee in Estonia jailed for setting wife on fire
"London rejects Uber's license, saying ride-share doesn't protect passengers"
First UN expert on gender identity resigns
The Latest: New York governor to visit Puerto Rico
Pakistan's ex-ruler Musharraf rejects Bhutto accusations
See which GOP senators and their governors disagree on the health-care bill
A field guide to jerks at work
Federal estimate shows states' big win-loss gap by 2026 under Cassidy-Graham bill
Kim fires off insults at Trump and hints at weapons test
Finnish police: Likely suicide attempt outside parliament
Romanian leader cancels visit to Ukraine over language law
"'Insanity': New ad pressures Murkowski, four other senators to oppose health bill"
Radio ad targets Murkowski over Cassidy-Graham health-care bill
Radio ad targets McCain over Cassidy-Graham health-care bill
"Of Cassidy-Graham's four co-sponsors, only one has the support of his governor"
The Energy 202: Climate change terms altered in another corner of EPA's website
Want to be a wildlife biologist? Beware the eyeball leeches and chest maggots
The soft bigotry of having to change your name. Because somehow Tchaikovksy is easier.
The Finance 202: It's not at all clear that voters want a tax code overhaul
"China tightens banking screws on North Korea, but rejects Trump's talk of total ban"
Thousands in Germany protest over planned steel merger
"Nearly 10,000 leave homes around active Bali volcano"
Who's afraid of identity politics? Mark Lilla and Symone Sanders discuss. '
Want to be a wildlife biologist? Beware the eyeball leeches and chest maggots.
The soft bigotry of having to change your name. Because somehow Tchaikovsky is easier.
"London rejects Uber's license, saying ride-share not 'fit and proper'"
The Latest: Students protesting against Catalonia crackdown
The Latest: UK police charge man with London subway blast
"Poland, Hungary leaders persist with anti-migrant policies"
"Hurricanes may compel even more Puerto Rico residents to flee to the mainland, officials warn"
The Health 202: Cassidy-Graham's abortion ban workaround
Trump warns that 'madman' North Korean leader Kim Jong Un will be 'tested'
Who's afraid of identity politics? Mark Lilla and Symone Sanders discuss.
'I just need my mother.' The frantic quest to contact loved ones in Puerto Rico
British police charge 18-year-old over London subway bombing
'I just need my mother': The frantic quest to contact loved ones in Puerto Rico
The Latest: Migrant death toll off Turkey rises to 15
Newcomer to Swiss executive body chosen as foreign minister
"Milan Fashion Week: When times go dark, Armani goes bright"
Turkish state-media raises number of migrants killed in Black Sea boat sinking to 15
"To many college students, the First Amendment has its limits"
The United States just hit $20 trillion in debt. Republicans have a plan to make it worse
"Analysis: Kim Jong Un, taking on Trump, makes it personal"
The Latest: Mexico raises quake death toll to 286
"Turkey: 15 migrants killed, 15 missing after boat sinks"
Trump trades insults with 'madman' North Korean leader Kim Jong Un
"London rejects Uber's license, saying ride-share not 'fit and proper' for passengers"
The Latest: Judge frees 6 held in Catalonia vote crackdown
"Court: Utility, not gov't responsible for Fukushima disaster"
Spain to send extra police to try to halt Catalan referendum
Pakistan: Death toll from India attack in Kashmir rises to 6
African American World War I soldiers served at a time racism was rampant in the U.S.
"London rejects Uber's license, saying the company is not 'fit and proper' for passengers"
Britain's prime minister says UK won't seek either EU single-market membership or Canada-style free trade deal
The Latest: Mexico rescuers eager to resume work after rain
President Trump's claim that 10 refugees overseas cost as much as one in the U.S.
College students have a high tolerance for limiting speech
"""Identity politics for white people"": Experts debate who gets to appeal to race in American politics"
Kim Jong Un calls Trump a 'mentally deranged U.S. dotard'
Slovenia cancels PMs meeting with Croatia amid border row
"Russian diplomat, Tajik ambassador meet over Moscow protest"
Indonesia raises Bali volcano alert to highest level
The unusual way KB Home punished its CEO for screaming profanities at Kathy Griffin
One of the most bizarre ideas about climate change just got more support
Maria's deluge on Puerto Rico
Twitter won't run an anti-abortion group's ads unless it scrubs its website of 'sensitive content'
Why Americans can't agree on which crimes are hate crimes
The Latest: At least 6 dead in Puerto Rico due to Maria
African art museum opens in Cape Town; Tutu is early visitor
The Latest: Group condemns Myanmar's use of land mines
"At least 6 dead in Puerto Rico due to Hurricane Maria, officials say"
How German politics became a beacon of stability compared with the U.S.
The Latest: Barcelona demonstration ends after releases
The Latest: Hurricane Maria lashing Turks and Caicos Islands
"Actually, kids are good now"
Walmart wants to send people into your house to stock the fridge - even when you're not home
See Puerto Rico after Hurricane Maria from the air
"Young and to the left? Not in Germany, where the Merkel generation prefers an old hand."
How German politics became a beacon of stability compared with the United States
"Turkey: 19 migrants killed, 11 missing after boat sinks"
"Wait, why does Rand Paul oppose an Obamacare repeal?"
Dinosaur dung reveals giant plant-eaters ate meat
The Latest: Kurd leader says referendum will go forward
Bhutan's leader calls for 3 moments of silence in UN speech
Why people care about Valerie Plame and her anti-Semitic tweet
China tightens banking screws on North Korea but rejects Trump's talk of total ban
The Latest: At least 27 deaths in Caribbean from Maria
Protesters disrupt former FBI director Comey's speech at Howard University
Inspector general to investigate Price's travel on private charter planes
The Latest: NY governor flies to Puerto Rico to see damage
The Latest: UN official says 7 million Yemenis get food aid
Why celebrities wade into politics and why people listen to them - even conservatives
Milan Fashion Week: Roberto Cavalli's 2nd successor debuts
DeVos withdraws Obama-era guidance on campus sexual assault. Read the letter.
New aerial photos show Puerto Rico devastation; at least 6 dead in Hurricane Maria aftermath
Trump administration rescinds Obama-era guidance on campus sexual assault
"'James Comey, you're not our homie': Protesters disrupt former FBI director's speech at Howard University"
Greek court says Syrian refugees can be returned to Turkey
The Latest: Spanish prosecutor seeking sedition charges
Is Jean-Luc Melenchon what's left of the left in France?
The Latest: Kurdish delegation goes to Baghdad ahead of vote
"21 migrants dead, 9 missing after boat sinks in Black Sea"
Relatives keep vigil amid search for Mexico quake survivors
Istanbul's mayor announces his sudden resignation
How children's self-control has changed in the past 50 years
Macron's election was a victory for centrists. But it's also revived France's far left
"May tries to reboot Brexit, offers 2-year transition period"
Sen. Cassidy touts coverage for preexisting conditions in June town hall
Sen. Cassidy on health care in June: 'I will judge the final product'
Beyond 'dotard': A history of epic North Korean insults
"After the breach, Equifax now faces the lawsuits"
Solar industry roiled by trade ruling that some fear could lead to tariffs
The Latest: Cuban says still no clue on envoy health mystery
"In new setback, Uber to lose license to work in London"
"The Latest: Puerto Rico: Some to stay, others plan to leave"
Trump is running out of Twitter tricks
"Anthony Scaramucci cast himself as an anti-leak crusader, but he just keeps blabbing"
Republicans' Obamacare repeal is in real trouble now
"'James Comey, you're not our homie!': Protesters disrupt ex-FBI director's speech at Howard University"
Turkey says it won't accept Kurdish independence vote
"Syrian activist, journalist daughter found dead in Turkey"
"McCain says he will vote 'no' for GOP health-care bill, dealing major blow to repeal effort"
The Latest: Maria moving away from Turks and Caicos Islands
'Regular order' may have just killed GOP's Obamacare repeal. So what is it?
"The first woman Marine: In 1918, she couldn't vote but rushed to serve"
U.S. families got fake orders to leave South Korea. Now counterintelligence is involved.
Cuban official: Still no clue on US diplomat health mystery
One of the most bizarre ideas about climate change just found more evidence in its favor
The Latest: 2 Puerto Rican towns evacuated as dam fails
Donatella Versace pays joyous tribute to brother Gianni
"National Weather Service says Guatajaca Dam is failing in western Puerto Rico, buses evacuating population of two towns"
Watch five hurricanes churn through the Atlantic in one month
British Prime Minister Theresa May offers Brexit details in landmark speech
Hurricane pushes long-suffering Puerto Rico to the edge
"McCain says he will vote 'no' on GOP health-care bill, dealing major blow to repeal effort"
"CORRECTS: National Weather Service says Guajataca Dam failing in western Puerto Rico, buses evacuating two towns"
"McCain says he will vote no on GOP health-care bill, dealing major blow to repeal effort"
The disturbing reason Florida's charter schools weren't used as hurricane shelters
"In earthquakes, just a few seconds of warning could save lives"
Macron's election was a victory for centrists. But it's also revived France's far left.
Have you seen this dog? Mexicans search for missing pets
Here's a list of medical groups opposing the Cassidy-Graham health-care bill
The overlooked story of 104 African American doctors who fought in World War I
Why neighborhood toy stores are thriving while Toys R Us goes bankrupt
Former leader of Muslim Brotherhood Mahdi Akef dies at 89
"21 migrants dead, 5 missing after boat sinks in Black Sea"
The Latest: Turkey says Kurdish referendum plans illegal
The Latest: Congress urged to witness damage in Puerto Rico
One of Italy's major parties just held primaries. But the results are a secret.
The Latest: Timeline for Puerto Rico regaining power unclear
New probe says death of Argentine prosecutor a homicide
"Puerto Rico without electricity, worries about failing dam"
The Latest: Russia urges talks to calm North Korean crisis
Some good news for House GOP: Top recruit steps up to seek Washington seat
'Put It Down': South Park's anthem for a week when late-night comedy took over politics
The Cassidy-Graham bill probably won't become law. And more than half of America is good with that.
Marriott says it will not cancel conference hosted by anti-Muslim hate group
Puerto Ricans get creative to communicate after Hurricane Maria
Syrian dissident and her American daughter killed in their Istanbul home
The Latest: Mexico raises earthquake death toll to 293
Army mobilizes in Rio as shootings erupt in several areas
Some good news for House GOP: Top recruit steps up to seek Washington-state seat
'Tough' but 'tailored' entry restrictions await Trump's approval
Broken dam and island-wide blackout stir fear in Puerto Rico
The Latest: Lavrov denies Russian interference in US vote
The Latest: Tax relief proposed for hurricane victims
Cassidy-Graham plan undercuts GOP's promise to protect health coverage for preexisting conditions
'Extremely violent times will come!': Ominous emergency alert was just a TV test gone awry
"Coulter says she assumes ""Free Speech Week"" at UC-Berkeley is canceled. Milo Yiannopoulos says it's on."
HHS inspector general is investigating Price's travel on private charter planes
The Latest: Mexican navy says it has rescued 115 from rubble
Families of missing in Mexico quake still hold out hope
The Latest: Bahamas no longer under hurricane warning
"Ben Carson breaks with Trump, endorses Roy Moore in Alabama Senate nomination race"
"70,000 in Puerto Rico urged to evacuate immediately as dam is in 'imminent' danger of failure"
Dam failing as scope of Puerto Rico disaster becomes clear
Canada imposes sanctions on key Venezuelan figures
Not the stock market's usual slow September
Mexico may now have too much earthquake aid
Dam failing as scope of Puerto Rico's disaster becomes clear
The Latest: Somali PM tells UN nation is seeing 'a new dawn'
"The Latest: 70,000 Puerto Ricans told to flee failing dam"
Supreme Court case offers window into how representatives choose their constituents
EPA chief Pruitt met with many corporate execs. Then he made decisions in their favor.
Melania Trump hosts first White House garden event
UN ends disarmament in Colombia as FARC honors slain rebel
Latest GOP effort to dismantle Obamacare on the brink of failure after defections
A window into the Alabama campaign trail with Roy Moore
"Trump escalates a war of words with North Korea, calling leader Kim a 'madman'"
Russia: Relations with US poor over 'Russo-phobic hysteria'
