"After Irma, a once-lush gem in the U.S. Virgin Islands reduced to battered wasteland"
"Venezuelan government, opposition will send delegates to explore possibility of new talks"
"Congress sends Trump a bill denouncing Charlottesville violence, white supremacy"
StarKist to pay $6.3M in American Samoa wastewater case
"Venezuela leaders, opposition explore possibility of talks"
Trusted Trump aide Hope Hicks named White House communications director
A Canadian judge jokingly wore Trump's hat in court. A judicial council didn't find it funny.
"Over liberals' objections, Supreme Court says Texas need not draw new districts now"
The Latest: Muslim body urges Myanmar to let in UN monitors
"Sanders will introduce universal health care, backed by 15 Democrats"
Floridians face long lines for gas after Irma
"Charleston, S.C., businesses clean up after flooding"
Ryan and Pelosi to huddle on Dream Act to protect DACA recipients
"Bannon, Yiannopoulos plan to speak at 'Free Speech Week' at UC-Berkeley"
"Congress sends Trump legislation denouncing Charlottesville violence, white supremacy"
Dog's YouTube 'candidacy' is a big hit in Newfoundland
"Tanker, dredger collide in Singapore waters, 5 crew missing"
"2 Americans, Russian dock with International Space Station"
S. Korea conducts cruise missile drill amid N. Korea threats
The Latest: Indonesia sends 34 tons of aid for Rohingya
Melinda Gates decries 'loss of U.S. leadership' in global aid
China-born New Zealand lawmaker says he's loyal to new home
"After threatened standoff, Senate to vote on setting deadline for authorization for military force"
"As Rohingya flee violence, Myanmar presidential spokesman says leader Aung San Suu Kyi will skip U.N. General Assembly"
Kid Rock's R-rated speech made his politics clear. But he left out the most important part.
"If Trump wants to unravel Obama's legacy, he could start with Burma"
"As Rohingya flee Myanmar, Suu Kyi skips UN General Assembly"
Romania coast guards rescues 153 migrants from Black Sea
Netanyahu says Israel endorses independence for Kurds
"From India to Malaysia, Rohingya face hardship, uncertainty"
Tunisian women's rights plan rattles Muslim traditionalists
The Latest: Radioactive gas found after North's nuke test
History of Syria's war at risk as YouTube reins in content
The Latest: Myanmar forms new committee on Rohingya
"Fact Check: Are foreign leaders telling Trump ""they're unhappy about 7 or 8 points of growth - GDP""?"
Indians file as many as 6 million open-record requests a year. But some have died for their efforts.
President Trump's claim foreign leaders told him they're unhappy with 7-8 percent GDP growth
"As Rohingya flee violence, Myanmar's Suu Kyi skips UN meet"
"European Union's top official, Jean-Claude Juncker, says bloc is 'bouncing back' and confidence is returning"
"A look at Marathon, Fla., after Hurricane Irma"
Researchers find hint of a link between flu vaccine and miscarriage
Iraq sentences Russian national to death for IS links
Report: Iran detains Islamic State group leader near Tehran
The Latest: Dubai's ruler sending plane loaded with tents
The Latest: EU chief backs pan-European cybersecurity agency
"More than ever, South Koreans want their own nuclear weapons"
Ultra-Orthodox lawmaker resigns after attending gay wedding
Germany sends 8 convicted criminals back to Afghanistan
Romania coast guards rescues 157 migrants from Black Sea
"The Trump effect in college admissions: Rural outreach increases, international recruitment gets harder"
First Indian American congresswoman responds calmly to C-SPAN caller's rant about 'these illegal aliens'
German right-wing party on course to enter parliament
Dwarfs meet at festival in South African town
"Saudis support probe of Yemen crimes, but question 'timing'"
"Tanker, dredger collide off Singapore; 2 dead, 3 missing"
The Latest: 9 bodies found after boat with Rohingya capsizes
The forced absence of slavery: Rare letters to a Virginia governor give voice to the faceless and forgotten
North Korea nuclear test maybe have been twice as strong as first thought
"Meet the corrupt, jailed politician who has the rest of Brazil's political elite terrified"
The Latest: Thousands of Rohingya refugees line up for aid
Claims questioned in South Africa ax murder trial
German police say Briton's airport arrest likely life-saving
Turkey shrugs off worries over Russian defense system
The warning that Hurricane Sandy victims can offer those flooded by Harvey
House Democrats: We need new proposals to win majority
Rights group urges India to ban shotgun pellets in Kashmir
The Daily 202: McCain and Kerry outline lessons from Vietnam after watching new Ken Burns documentary
Do you know what separates Protestants and Catholics? Many Protestants seem not to.
Cassini's most impressive feat: dropping a moon lander on Titan
America's highest-earning state probably isn't the one you would expect
GOP split in battle over business tax breaks
"Egypt: 2 conscripts, 5 militants killed in northern Sinai"
Martin Shkreli apologizes for Facebook post about Hillary Clinton
South Sudan rebels accuse government of new offensive
House Democrats: We need new ideas to win majority
Police arrest CEO of world's largest meatpacker
Spain's state prosecutor orders criminal investigation of more than 700 Catalan mayors for cooperating with referendum.
President Trump's claim foreign leaders told him they're unhappy with 7-9 percent GDP growth
Egypt prosecutors order detention of slain Italian's lawyer
"The right disdains identity politics. But President Trump is proof it works for them, too."
A tiny endangered deer lives only in the Florida Keys. Here's what we know about its fate.
Prosecutor investigates some 700 Catalan mayors over vote
"Saudis back int'l probe of Yemen crimes, question 'timing'"
Trump goads Congress over forthcoming tax cut plan: 'Move fast!'
Hillary Clinton's message to Democrats: Don't be like Bernie
"Hospital official says 2 dead, 7 wounded in explosion outside cricket stadium in Afghan capital"
US says airstrikes in Somalia kill 6 al-Shabab members
The Health 202: Single-payer pushes the health-care debate decidedly leftward
Trump tweets he will visit hurricane-damaged Florida on Thursday
Hillary Clinton's warning to Democrats: Don't be like Bernie
IOC to award Olympics to Paris and LA for 2024 and 2028
US says drone strikes in Somalia kill 6 al-Shabab members
Pakistani police probe alleged honor killing of teen couple
Government revokes Dutch citizenship of 4 foreign fighters
New group of experts aims to tackle vexing economic challenges. But will anyone listen?
North Korea nuclear test may have been twice as strong as first thought
The brutal deaths of Indian anti-corruption activists
Museum bids to acquire huge 'fatberg' clogging London sewer
Officials: Bomber kills 7 outside Afghan cricket stadium
The Latest: Spanish PM urges against voting in referendum
The Finance 202: GOP divided over tax break treasured by Wall Street
Germany fights invasion of American crayfish in Berlin park
The Latest: Spanish king criticizes Catalan referendum
Riots in Kenya city after rumor about alleged election fraud
Suicide blast outside Kabul cricket grounds kills at least 3
Myanmar presidential spokesman says 176 ethnic Rohingya villages are now empty after all residents fled
Critics want Poland's defense minister suspended over ties
Officials: Bomber kills 3 outside Afghan cricket stadium
The Latest: Olympic celebrations already planned in Paris
The strange story of how Florida's lawmakers subsidized hurricane insurance
The Energy 202: Here's what solar energy research is going to look like under Trump
One way Clinton misunderstands the political moment: Most Americans aren't in the middle
Steve Jobs still loomed large at Apple's big event. Tim Cook seems just fine with that.
One family has ruled Togo for 50 years. Huge protests are shaking their grip on power.
Russia reduces parking spaces at US consulates
The Latest: Myanmar says 176 Rohingya villages now empty
The Latest: Los Angeles rekindles Olympic cauldron
Netherlands revokes citizenship of 4 alleged jihadis
"With their party's future on the line in the states, Democrats can't agree on a playbook"
ESPN and other outlets are grappling with calling out Trump and racism
"Saudis back probe of Yemen crimes, question 'timing'"
Hillary Clinton's clear warning to Democrats: Don't be like Bernie
Irma death toll rises as 5 dead at South Florida nursing home
Customs agents seized a lawful gun owner's truck over five bullets. Now he's suing to get it back.
ISIS is near defeat in Iraq. Now comes the hard part.
China sent a ship to the Arctic for science. Then state media announced a new trade route.
Sierra Leone agrees to accept 27 citizens deported from US
Suicide bomber kills 3 outside Afghan cricket stadium
Thomas Jefferson statue at U-Va. shrouded in black
Five dead at South Florida nursing home as state grapples with heat and outages after Irma
Spanish officials crank up pressure on Catalan breakaway bid
Rights group slams Egypt's 'nationalization' of media
"To fight deadly hepatitis outbreak, San Diego begins power-washing streets with bleach"
"Fix or nix the Iran nuclear deal, Netanyahu demands ahead of Trump meeting"
Gunmen forcibly enter UN human rights office in Burundi
Romanian coast guards rescues 157 migrants from Black Sea
War crimes court renews call for Libyan officer's arrest
European court sides with Italian farmer pushing GM crops
"White House, Republican leaders plan to reveal tax cut details in two weeks"
McCain opens defense bill to debates that will challenge Trump's national security policy
US military gear reaches Poland ahead of Russian war games
Barrasso calls 'Medicare for All' a 'litmus test for the liberal left'
A pro-Brexit editorial written in German has a problem: It's literally gibberish.
Putin meets Lebanon PM Hariri in Russia visit
Sen. Bernie Sanders: 'Introducing Medicare for All' - Campaign video
"Here's more, real evidence that Trump is slowly rupturing the Republican Party"
"'Shut up, slave!': A spilled Starbucks drink leads to sidewalk fight - and hate-crime charges"
One family has ruled Togo for 50 years. Huge protests are shaking its grip on power.
Swiss investigate possible 'abusive pricing' by Booking.com
Independent leaners hate the other party more than they like the one they vote for
"Everything left on Congress's agenda this month, in one post"
Trump says his tax break will get companies to hire more workers. Companies say it won't.
Thousands evacuated as bomb threats sweep Russia
"Belgian order defies pope, insists on allowing euthanasia"
Schumer and Pelosi to visit White House on Trump's invitation
FEMA surveys Florida Keys after Hurricane Irma destruction
Six dead at South Florida nursing home as state grapples with heat and outages after Irma
Video shows officer telling black man: 'You would be the first one I'd shoot if I had a gun'
Woman arrested near Prince George's London school
"The Latest: UK, Sweden urge UN action on Myanmar violence"
"Edith Windsor championed same-sex spousal rights, and Americans increasingly agree with her"
"Kid Rock's political speech missed one thing, an announcement to run"
Iran's president to address UN amid debate over nuclear deal
The Latest: Small protest in Paris against the 2024 Olympics
"What Trump doesn't understand about health care, but a 9 year-old does"
6 dead at South Florida nursing home as state grapples with heat and outages after Irma
Aspiring Nashville singer charged with shooting homeless man
Steve Jobs still looms large at Apple. Tim Cook seems just fine with that.
"The Latest: LA gets OK, no questions, as vote nears"
What Trump doesn't understand about health care but a 9-year-old does
GOP bill to block-grant major parts of the ACA unveiled
U.S. bans use of Kaspersky software in federal agencies amid concerns of Russian espionage
How good is your broadband? The FCC needs to know.
Study: Asia's glaciers face massive melt from global warming
Why President Trump is so antsy for tax reform
"Trump is slowly rupturing the Republican Party, suggests yet another new poll"
"Egypt: 2 soldiers, 5 militants killed in Sinai shootout"
The Latest: Paris promises cost-efficient Olympics in 2024
Clashes erupt over migrant center outside Rome
Democrats are getting some very good news in special elections
Spokane schools on lockdown after reports of a shooting
Kushner to gather bipartisan group to come up with ideas for federal prisons
Why did one of the U.S. Navy's most advanced subs return to port with a pirate flag?
"Getting rid of all tax breaks could reduce the corporate tax rate to 26 percent, study says"
London police release new image of the man who pushed woman into path of bus
IOC makes bids official: Paris awarded 2024 Olympics; LA gets 2028 Games.
The Latest: No fancy footwear for LA bid team
Egypt acknowledges secret arrest of rights lawyer
Israel police: Hollywood mogul questioned in Netanyahu probe
"Olympic double: IOC says yes to Paris in 24, and LA for 28"
Spokane schools placed on lockdown after reports of a shooting
The Latest: Macron offers congratulations to Paris for 2024
Heavy rains take fizz out of Paris celebrations
Girl suicide bomber attacks mosque in northern Cameroon
Orrin Hatch has drug puns
The Latest: UN chief says ethnic cleansing against Rohingyas
Red Cross suspends work in vast region of South Sudan
Mujica's wife assumes vice presidency in Uruguay
Trump cheers long-shot Senate effort to revisit Obamacare repeal
Paris celebrates end of 100-year Olympic wait
Trump nominates conservative Texas lawyer to Federal Election Commission
Lobbying activities of Michael Flynn's son being examined by special counsel on Russia
Rohingya refugees crossing into Bangladesh face another threat: Land mines
The Latest: UN Security Council condemns Rohingya violence
"France: Man detained for punching pedestrians, police"
Angola constitutional court validates last month's election
White House says Trump will work with Democratic leaders but he's 'a Republican'
Trump says 'the rich will not be gaining at all with' his tax plan
"Sanders introduces universal health care, backed by 15 Democrats"
Apple wants its stores to become 'town squares.' But skeptics call it a 'branding fantasy.'
White House: ESPN's Jemele Hill should be fired for calling Trump a 'white supremacist'
"Trump voting fraud panel member lamented adding Democrats, 'mainstream' Republicans"
Trump's press secretary offers suggested punishments for two Trump critics
Trump: 'We've gotten very high marks for' response to Harvey and Irma
This chain-saw-wielding nun is showing everyone how to clean up after a hurricane
"Trump will sign bipartisan resolution condemning Charlottesville violence, White House says"
"Colleges need to do more to help students transfer credits, GAO says"
Scientists hope to restore extinct Galapagos turtle species
Search and rescue team helps a diabetic stranded in the Florida Keys
Mining safety agency proposes relaxing inspection rule for hardrock mines
Trump's travel ban expires in less than two weeks. Here's what could happen after that.
Trump's oldest supporters hope he'll make America great again economically
"Trump says his plan could hike taxes on the wealthy, contradicting experts and his own Treasury Secretary"
U.S. moves to ban Kaspersky software in federal agencies amid concerns of Russian espionage
8 dead at South Florida nursing home as state grapples with heat and outages after Irma
Kushner's White House role 'crushed' efforts to woo investors for NYC tower
"Jemele Hill, and the Trump White House's double-standard on character assassination"
Breaking down single-payer health care
"Students demand that Confederate statue be removed from UNC campus, saying it violates federal laws"
Uruguay sets up pot-only shops after challenge by banks
"Mexican students hijack tanker truck, buses and kidnap cops"
Mining safety agency proposes relaxing inspection rule for hard rock mines
5 moments after Irma that will make you smile
Eight dead after South Florida nursing home's air conditioning goes out following Irma
"There is no electricity, and won't be for months. 'So what?' U.S. Virgin Islands residents say."
Venezuela government delegates arrive for possible talks
Short Takes: Kids Try to Identify Politicians
White House says Jemele Hill calling Trump a racist is a 'fireable offense.' Trump once called Obama a racist.
"Iran sanctions are up for review, while fate of nuclear deal is tenuous"
Former Brazilian President Silva complains of witch hunt
"Tropical Storm Max forms off Mexico's Pacific coast, not expected to strengthen before landfall"
"Doubling down: Paris awarded '24 Olympics, LA gets '28"
"Trump, Ryan offer differing timelines on legislation to protect 'dreamers'"
"Sen. Tim Scott, White House offer conflicting accounts of private talk about Charlottesville"
GOP tries one more time to undo ACA with bill offering huge block grants to states
Number of fully accredited Virginia schools grows
'I can't function.' Search and rescue team helps a diabetic stranded in the Florida Keys
Tropical Storm Max forms off Mexico's southern Pacific coast
"After @tedcruz liked a porn tweet, Sen. Ted Cruz blamed it on a staffer's 'honest mistake'"
Ohio inmate sings hymn during the state's second execution this year
Martin Shkreli jailed after Facebook post about Hillary Clinton
Mattis says he is now convinced that the Pentagon must keep three ways of launching a nuclear attack
Scientists hope to restore extinct Galapagos tortoise
Eight dead after South Florida nursing home's air conditioning fails following Hurricane Irma
Uruguay setting up new pot shops after challenge by banks
