"Louisiana, deluged by rain, braces for Harvey's landfall"
NKorea leader urges more missile launches targeting Pacific
Harvey's death toll rises amid stories of harrowing attempts to escape rising waters
"Texas chemical plant in critical condition, raising possibility of explosion"
Houston mayor imposes a nightly curfew to help stem looting in Harvey's wake
Officials comment on historic flooding
Here's why people hate Joel Osteen
Wedgewood shelter
Power surge Hurricane Harvey in Houston
"UN Security Council 'strongly condemns' North Korea missile test, reiterates demands to halt"
How 'Wild West' growth may have contributed to devastating flood in Houston
Venezuelan assembly demands probe and trial of 'traitors'
The Latest: UN Security Council condemns NKorea missile test
UN Security Council 'strongly condemns' NKorea missile test
At least 21 confirmed dead from Harvey as Houston mayor imposes a nightly curfew
El Salvador judge acquits 18 for role in 2012 gang truce
"Pentagon chief Mattis freezes Trump's ban on transgender troops, calls for more study"
At least 22 confirmed dead from Harvey as Houston mayor imposes a nightly curfew
"Mattis freezes Trump's ban on transgender troops, calls for more study"
Seven family members fled Harvey in a van. Only one made it out.
"The Latest: Moon, Abe talk over North Korean launch"
Democratic-backed candidate elected to Fairfax County school board
'The kids were screaming': Man recounts accident that took six family members
'He could hear the kids screaming': Six family members swept away trying to flee Harvey
At least 22 confirmed dead as Harvey pivots toward Louisiana
The Latest: Guam officials say no change in threat level
Harvey's floodwater had a pregnant woman trapped. Then neighbors formed a human chain.
Mexico offers hurricane help; No decision on whether to accept it
"Mattis freezes Trump's ban on transgender troops, again calls for more study"
China says it hopes India learns lesson from border standoff
Trump says a corporate tax cut would create more jobs. Economists aren't so sure.
Transgender ban frozen as Mattis moves forward with new review of options
Guatemala leader at crossroads after court blocks expulsion
A Nazi eagle inflames a heated debate in Uruguay
Torrential rains bring India's financial hub to a halt
'Where are we supposed to go?'
North Korea's calculated chaos ought to make Trump think again on Iran
Hyundai resumes production in China after supply disruption
The Latest: China recommits to sanctions on North Korea
"Qatar crisis shakes East Africa, a home to Gulf militaries"
Police: Gunmen kill transgender person in Pakistan
Priest who's visited North Korea more than 50 times wonders if he can go again
Embassy says Duterte wrong to say French law presumes guilt
Was former Arizona sheriff Joe Arpaio's criminal conviction an Obama 'political witch hunt'?
Survivor of Nagasaki bomb who campaigned to ban nukes dies
UN chief takes helicopter tour of Israel-Gaza border
Japan's deputy PM retracts remark seeming to praise Hitler
Spanish PM appears in parliament over corruption scandals
"18,000 Rohingya flee violence in Myanmar into Bangladesh"
"French police hunt for girl, 9, who vanished at a wedding"
"International Organization of Migration says 18,000 Rohingya Muslims escape fresh violence in Myanmar into Bangladesh"
Afghan official: 2 security guards killed in suicide attack
UK Prime Minister Theresa May on 3-day visit to Japan
"Princes William, Harry pay tribute to Princess Diana"
"Harvey again makes landfall, this time as a tropical storm, near Cameron, La."
Magnitude 5.2 earthquake hits southeast coast of Guam
More than 1.7 million Muslims gather for start of hajj
Pope asks world leaders to listen to 'cry of the Earth'
Iran releases report on January building fire and collapse
Chapecoense crash survivors received by Pope Francis
"Jordan, Iraq reopen border crossing, vital to trade"
Japanese official retracts remark about Hitler's intentions
Hamas makes demands as UN chief arrives in Gaza for visit
A woman in labor was trapped by Harvey's floodwaters. Then neighbors formed a human chain.
US blasts deal that removed IS from Lebanon-Syria border
Happy National Toasted Marshmallow Day! This is what a marshmallow can tell us about politics.
The nuns fighting the pipeline lost their case in court. But they aren't giving up.
"With his tax effort in peril, Trump to push Congress for swift action"
"Diana's last day: Dodi's yacht, a Ritz suite, a diamond ring and relentless photographers"
This is what happened when a lonely 90-year-old wrote a letter to a stranger
"Harvey again makes landfall, this time as a tropical storm, in western Louisiana"
Hong Kong businessman and socialite David Tang dies
Who blinked in China-India military standoff?
NATO sending 3 monitors to Russia war-games but wants more
UN report urges rights council to address Venezuela violence
Troubled Indian hospital says 217 children died in August
Israel will allow Al-Jazeera reporter to keep working
"Thousands pelt each other in Spain's messy ""Tomatina"" fight"
Former Rwanda presidential candidate accused of forgery
"During Katrina, he welcomed flood victims into his city. Now the former mayor of Houston has become one."
Dutch judge extends detention of suspect in concert threat
"Poland calls for reparations amid strains with Germany, EU"
Will North Korea make missiles over Japan the new normal?
"Germany, France try to revive EU motor, reform work rules"
Authorities: At least 10 civilians wounded in Afghan strike
"""Please God let it get better."" Lumberton, Texas residents seek shelter in a fire station."
Britain's May says China should increase pressure on NKorea
President Trump and Melania arrive in Texas
Malaysia burns foreign trawler to curb illegal fishing
Bosnia detains person suspected of extremist ties
The Finance 202: Trump speech will bash rigged system. But tax outline would benefit 1 percent.
What the Harvey deluge would look like where you live
Saliva samples part of new concussion test in English rugby
US official blasts deal that removed IS from Lebanon border
UN chief appeals for humanitarian aid in first visit to Gaza
A toddler clung to her mother in Harvey floodwaters. Only one of them survived.
Harvey makes landfall again in western Louisiana as rain pummels the Gulf Coast
Egypt puts more than 350 people on terrorism list
The Energy 202: We asked Texas Republicans about Harvey and climate change. Only one answered.
Trump's haphazard transgender military ban
Pelosi condemns 'violent actions' of antifa protesters
The Health 202: Trump says Obamacare will implode. But his administration isn't necessarily hurting it.
"Disaster relief agencies ready to help Harvey victims, but they can't get in"
"'Please God let it get better.' Lumberton, Texas residents seek shelter in a fire station."
Hong Kong businessman and socialite David Tang dies at 63
Joel Osteen calls claim he shut church doors on Harvey victims 'a false narrative'
Ethiopian Airlines says negotiating to take over Arik Air
Louisiana families find shelter as Harvey continues
Kremlin confirms it received letter from Trump lawyer about stalled Moscow real estate project but did not respond
Who blinked in the China-India military standoff?
US official warns coalition may strike IS militants being evacuated from Lebanon-Syria border to area near Iraq
'Talking is not the answer!' Trump warns North Korea
Even Republicans are upset at Ted Cruz for doing a 180 on hurricane relief
Kremlin says it got the Trump Tower email but didn't respond
The Latest: US may strike IS convoy being evacuated in Syria
Should you be tweeting about presidential history? A quiz.
US-led coalition says it may hit IS evacuees in Syria
"In Harvey coverage, Trump emerges as a man of contradictions"
Jim Mattis didn't undermine President Trump's transgender military ban. Trump already had.
"Trump's attacks on press 'could amount to incitement,' U.N. human rights chief says"
German foreign minister says European unity key to future
Myanmar Buddhists seek tougher action against Rohingya
Germany: Syrian terror suspect kills self in Hamburg jail
Trump says 'talking is not the answer' with North Korea after Pentagon's latest missile-defense test
The raging legal battle over what makes a food 'natural'
A mother died saving her toddler daughter as they were swept away in Harvey flood
Why your adorable pet turtle may make your child sick
Pakistanis reject Trump remarks on harboring militants
"Motorists, gawkers line up to see new bridge in Scotland"
Poland fires tourism boss for 'scandalous' Auschwitz remark
Top EU lawmaker says Brexit delays raise need for transition
"Harvey crashes into Texas and Louisiana, bringing new wave of punishing rain"
U.S.-led airstrikes block ISIS fighters escaping under a Hezbollah-negotiated deal
Tainted eggs: Dutch court rules 2 suspects to remain jailed
Tropical system forecast to lash Mexico's Los Cabos
Sour grapes: Robbers empty Paris cellar of vintage wines
'His love for the American people ... is unending': Trump allies' over-the-top defenses of his empathy
What 500-year flooding could look like in five cities
"Harvey crashes into Texas and Louisiana, bringing new waves of punishing rain"
Austria rejects Spanish extradition for Ukrainian oligarch
US-led coalition says it struck Islamic State convoy coming to meet militant evacuees from Lebanon-Syria border
"Somalia peacekeeping mission gets renewed, with some trims"
Taliban leader strikes moderate tone in holiday message
Tropical Storm Irma forms over Atlantic
Trump's visit to Texas didn't result in the front-page coverage he no doubt hoped to see
The terrifying science behind floating fire ant colonies - and how to destroy them
U.S. economy grows at 3 percent rate for first time in Trump's presidency
'We lost a lot': Mother of six faces aftermath of Harvey without flood insurance
"Princes William, Harry honor Diana's charity work"
FDA approves first-of-its-kind 'living drug' for childhood leukemia
A Texas ad agency tied to Trump signs on with Germany's far right
UN chief decries 'dramatic' humanitarian crisis in Gaza
Hungary extends state of emergency due to migrant crisis
The Latest: US strikes IS militants heading toward evacuees
Electric cars are taking off. What's the problem with an electric pickup truck?
US disrupts evacuation of IS militants in Syria
How Trump's Harvey response kept the focus on him
The Latest: US troops fired on from Turkish-held Syria area
"Houston's besieged dams, compromised by Harvey rainfall, were built 70 years ago to prevent floods"
Astronomers discover an ancient exploding star after a 30-year search
Republican congressman floats amendment to end Mueller probe
Seven simple ways to respond to the Nashville Statement on sexuality
"More than 32,000 are in shelters from Harvey, volunteers needed to muck out houses"
EU official slams plans to change Romania's justice system
Hummels makes a splash with balcony stunt
Body-slamming congressman Greg Gianforte might as well get his awkward interview over with
"More than 32,000 are in shelters from Harvey, volunteers needed to 'muck out' houses"
Fox News just got pulled off the air in Britain because hardly anyone watched it
Witnesses: Saudi-led airstrike kills 5 civilians in Yemen
The Latest: Hezbollah defends transfer of IS militants
Dean Heller: 'J.C.' - Campaign 2018
"'Dreamers' took a big risk by registering with the government. Now, their trust may lead to their deportation."
A 'white Christian girl' placed with veiled Muslim foster moms sparks outrage in Britain
"In Minnesota, four swing-seat Republicans decline to back Ryan for speaker"
"Houston's besieged dams, tested by Harvey rainfall, were built 70 years ago to prevent floods"
"Harvey crashes into Texas and Louisiana, bringing new waves of punishing rain and emergency conditions"
Afghan officials dispute AP report of contacts with Taliban
Why we can expect more extreme rainstorms like Harvey as Earth warms
Katrina. Sandy. Harvey. The debate over climate and hurricanes is getting louder and louder
$99 for a case of bottled water: Texas stores accused of price-gouging in wake of Harvey
Trump allies' defenses of his empathy are over-the-top
A $99 case of bottled water? Texas stores accused of price-gouging in wake of Harvey.
A 'white Christian girl' placed with veiled Muslim foster mom sparks outrage in Britain
Israel PM slams 'fake news' amid corruption allegations
The Trump administration just halted this Obama-era rule to shrink the gender wage gap
"IMF says transport, food costs are up in Qatar after rift"
Trump tells Houston 'we will be with you every single day after' the storm
Trump says he doesn't want to be 'disappointed by Congress' in tax reform effort
"Afghan troop surge likely to include thousands of paratroopers, Marines and heavy bombers"
Trump tells Missourians to vote out Sen. McCaskill if she doesn't lower taxes
Trump calls for reform of 'self-destructive tax code'
Brazilian judge suspends decree to allow mining in Amazon
"Politico's tone-deaf, unhelpful cartoon about conservatives being rescued from Harvey by the government"
A 'white Christian girl' placed with veiled Muslim foster mom sparks backlash in Britain
Trump voting panel apologizes after judge calls failure to disclose information 'incredible'
Katrina. Sandy. Harvey. The debate over climate and hurricanes is getting louder and louder.
"Venezuela, enemy of the U.S., offered $5 million in aid to Harvey victims"
Cameroon releases Anglophone activists in effort to pacify
Trump can't help but turn a presidential speech into a campaign event. Literally.
What's happening in Houston and beyond: The latest on Harvey
"A breathing machine, a puppy, a puzzle book: What evacuees saved from Harvey"
"Diana's final hours: Dodi's yacht, a Ritz suite, a diamond ring and relentless photographers"
A volunteer rescue worker describes his journey through Houston's flooded streets
Trump says Finland is buying Boeing fighter jets. The Finnish president called that news a 'duck.'
"'Why was Harvey so powerful?' Six key questions, answered"
"Since Trump's Mideast visit, extrajudicial killings have spiked in Egypt"
Why so many Indians support men like the recently convicted guru
US airstrikes block evacuation of Islamic State militants
"Georgetown, Nike reach pact on worker conditions"
White lawmaker warns black attorney she may 'go missing' if Confederate statues are threatened
Texas stores accused of price-gouging essential supplies in wake of Harvey
Houston's besieged dams were built 70 years ago after this 1935 flood devastated the city
Evacuees from Harvey describe what they saved
Marist Brothers say priest abused 14 minors at Chile schools
Mexico: 7 killed in Acapulco amid ongoing wave of violence
Turkey protests US indictment charging Erdogan's security
With Trump leaving tax reform to Congress: Does the buck ever stop in the Oval Office?
"Amid flooded Houston, a grim search for bodies begins"
Joe Arpaio has been pardoned. But will a judge dismiss the verdict against him?
'Worst fears have been realized': Family found dead in van swept away by Harvey flood
Trump says Finland is buying Boeing fighter jets. The Finnish president called that news a 'duck. '
"UN extends Lebanon peacekeeping; US, Israel spur some change"
"In Colombia, weaving a papal poncho for a visiting Francis"
"Trump pushes tax cuts, hopes he isn't 'disappointed' by Congress"
"With Trump leaving tax reform to Congress, does the buck ever stop in the Oval Office?"
Trump could seek billions in Harvey recovery aid next week
Watch Trump's entire tax reform speech
"They offered their home to others as they fled Hurricane Harvey. Then strangers offered them shelter, too."
Harvey floods southeast Texas as governor warns: 'The worst is not yet over'
Polish firefighters: About 10 people hurt in train collision
Tillerson thanks Mexico for hurricane aid offer but doesn't say U.S. will accept it
Trump has a corporate tax plan. Economists have some questions.
Afghan officials deny being in talks with Taliban leaders
Who was - and wasn't - invited to Betsy DeVos's education roundtable
"On taxes, George W. Bush sounded more populist than Trump"
Trump fudges the numbers to promote his GDP growth
Marist Brothers say member abused 14 minors at Chile schools
Three police officers wounded in California shootout
Polish firefighters: 21 people hurt in train collision
"With a drama-filled White House, Mattis has shown deft political touch"
"Harvey drives tens of thousands to Texas shelters, where all people can do is wait"
"In Houston, acts of hospitality set off a chain reaction of goodwill"
"UN extends Lebanon peacekeeping; US, Israel prompt changes"
