"'I'm crushing it': How Michael Cohen, touting his access to President Trump, convinced companies to pay millions"
Russia-linked company that hired Michael Cohen registered alt-right websites during election
"Iranian forces fire rockets at Israeli military in first direct attack ever, Israel's army says"
Congresswoman close to soldier killed in Niger raises suspicions about Pentagon investigation
Mexican caravan immigrants protest lack of visas in Mexico
Lawyers for Michael Cohen accuse Stormy Daniels attorney of distributing false information
McCain urges Senate to reject Trump's CIA nominee Gina Haspel
A poll shows Republicans pulling even in congressional races. That's not the whole story.
FDA seeks injunction to stop two stem cell companies after patients blinded
"Erupting Hawaii volcano could next spew 10-ton boulders from its summit, scientists say"
One of Australia's notorious refugee camps has become an economic crutch for locals
Mexican caravan migrants protest lack of visas in Mexico
"Kim breaks with his flight-phobic father, travels by plane"
Mexican state allows candidates to use nicknames on ballot
"McCain urges Senate to reject Trump's CIA nominee, Gina Haspel"
"A classroom science experiment turned into a chemical fire, injuring 17"
China sentences founder of Anbang to 18 years in prison
Thousands join in latest anti-government march in Nicaragua
State media say Chinese court sentences founder of firm that owns Waldorf Hotel in New York City to 18 years in prison
Defeated premier Najib says Malaysia's king will decide next prime minister since no single party has a majority
Defeated Malaysian premier Najib Razak says he accepts the verdict of the people
Russian tycoon known for Faberge eggs tied to Cohen payment
Flag-waving Malaysians cheer opposition election victory
China sentences founder of Anbang to 18 years for fraud
Man imprisoned in Vietnam for posting dissent on Facebook
17 people were injured when a classroom science experiment caused a flash fire
"South Korea, GM agree to inject $4.35 billion to Korean unit"
Release of 3 detainees in NKorea sealed at last minute
The Latest: Israel says it struck Iranian targets in Syria
Malaysia leader concedes defeat after historic election loss
Israeli military says it struck dozens of Iranian military targets in Syria overnight
The Latest: Najib Razak concedes defeat in Malaysia election
Washington wakes up to 'authoritarian' populism in the U.S. and Europe
The Latest: Short-term uncertainty seen for Malaysia economy
Militants surrender to end Indonesia detention center riot
Israel strikes 'dozens' of Iranian targets in Syria
Mahathir Mohamad says Malaysia's new government will seek release and pardon for opposition icon Anwar Ibrahim
Malaysia's Mahathir Mohamad says he expects to be sworn in as prime minister today
"Mahathir Mohamad says opposition alliance has clear mandate to form new government, new premier must be appointed today"
"Mahathir: Clear mandate to govern Malaysia, vows reforms"
The Latest: Israel says 'nearly all' Iranian targets hit
"Officials say a dam has burst in Kenya's Rift Valley, killing at least 20 people; search and rescue mission underway"
"Powerful dust storm, rain leaves 11 dead in northern India"
"In Yemen's Aden, a generation chewed up and spit out by war"
"Israeli defense minister says military hit ""nearly all"" of the Iranian infrastructure sites in Syria"
Trump offers hero's welcome to three Americans freed by North Korea
Officials: 21 bodies recovered after dam burst in Kenya
Israel launches massive military strike against Iranian targets in Syria
Early voting begins ahead of Iraq's parliamentary elections
Italian anti-terror ops target 14 supporting war in Syria
Officials: At least 27 killed after dam burst in Kenya
Chinese court sentences Anbang founder to 18 years for fraud
US embassy moves Twitter account from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem
The U.S.-North Korea summit could be Trump's 'Nixon-to-China' moment
"Stray dogs are killing children in India, scientists want to find out why"
"Massive passport fraud in Hungary allowed dozens of people to enter U.S. under false identities, officials  say"
Yemeni officials say Saudi-led coalition airstrike kills 6
The Latest: Assad says Trump's Syria policy is inconsistent
AP PHOTOS: Bosnian Roma celebrate St. George's Day
UN to hold additional climate meeting ahead of Poland summit
Officials: At least 38 killed after dam burst in Kenya
The Energy 202: Scott Pruitt's 'red team-blue team' debate prep largely left out mainstream climate scientists
"No, Trump can't count on a hawk's advantage in making peace with North Korea"
3 Americans held by North Korea have arrived back in the United States. Here are their stories.
"In Mexico, frustration with Trump grows as relations reach a 'defining moment'"
Italian populists signal progress toward forming government
The Latest: Russia: Syria downed half of Israel's missiles
The Latest: Malaysia police to ensure transition of power
"China tech giant crippled, US imports held amid trade spat"
Britain's Prince Charles meets head of Orthodox Greek Church
The Health 202: Novartis spends big in Washington. But its investment in Trump's lawyer backfired big time.
The Cybersecurity 202: How Colorado became the safest state to cast a vote
Who should lead VA? Five veterans explain what they're looking for in a leader.
Trump might be hurting U.S. businesses by leaving so many ambassador posts empty
Pro-Rand Paul super PAC releases ad panning Corey Stewart in GOP Senate race
Apocalyptic images show Kilauea volcano's destruction on Hawaii's Big Island
A Trump judicial nominee apologizes for controversial articles mocking multiculturalism
Academia's #MeToo moment: Women accuse professors of sexual misconduct
"Two teens made a suicide pact. But first, they wanted to 'see how it feels to kill,' police said."
Samantha Bee once praised Eric Schneiderman as a 'superhero.' Now she's calling him 'trash.'
"This 104-year-old just died, after making a powerful parting statement about assisted suicide"
Stray dogs are killing children in India. Scientists want to find out why.
Britain apologizes over role in mistreatment of Libyan dissident kidnapped by CIA and tortured by Gadhafi's forces
UN resumes airlifts of migrants from Libya to Niger
Archaeologists find remains of Roman-era temple in Egypt
Trump signs Holocaust property law that has angered Poland
Europe faces a wave of freed terror convicts. Is it ready?
Europe's terror convicts gain freedom to improvised response
The Finance 202: 'Those people are getting paid:' Cohen's side work highlights how Trump allies are refilling swamp
The Daily 202: Why John McCain is voting against Gina Haspel to lead the CIA - and why it matters
Pence says it's time for special counsel to 'wrap up' Russia investigation
"Michael Cohen, swamp thing"
Do 98 percent of mass public shootings happen in gun-free zones?
Who should lead Veterans Affairs? Five veterans explain what they're looking for in a leader.
"Is 92-year-old Mahathir too old to become Malaysia's new leader or is his age a good thing?"""
Tunisia: Independents draw most votes in local elections
Iraq's Sunnis wary but hopeful about upcoming election
"At least 41 killed as dam bursts in Kenya, officials say"
The Latest: Bahrain: Israel has 'right' to respond to Iran
The Latest: UK central bank defends change of mind on rates
"'Run, Bernie, Run!': Sanders's 2016 campaign manager urges another bid in new memoir"
Apocalyptic images show Kilauea's destruction on Hawaii's Big Island
"David Goodall, 104, just took his own life, after making a powerful statement about assisted death"
"Trump suggests taking away press credentials. In Germany, a similar idea caused a media boycott."
Malaysia's likely new leader is 92 years old. Will his age help or hinder?
The Latest: Malaysia king invites Mahathir to form gov't
Aid group: Migrants 'prefer to die' than return to Libya
"Tanzania's Maasai evicted in favor of tourism, group says"
"Suddenly, Pence suggests, investigations into the president have expiration dates"
"These are the 3,400 Facebook ads purchased by Russia's online trolls around the 2016 election"
Michael Cohen epitomizes just how much the swamp has thrived under Trump
Ominous images show Kilauea's destruction on Hawaii's Big Island
"Australian, 104, dies in assisted suicide in Switzerland"
3 attempted murder charges added in Toronto van attack case
Report: 3 critically hurt in South Africa mosque attack
Israel hits dozens of Iranian targets in Syria after barrage
"Red waves, scrambled Democrats, ideal Republicans: Three myths about this week's primaries"
Trump announces June 12 summit in Singapore with North Korean leader
The release of Americans held by North Korea shows almost anything can cause a media fight
The Daily 202: Why John McCain opposes Gina Haspel leading the CIA - and why it matters
What you don't know about the schools at the top of U.S. News' 2018 high school rankings
"Kenya dam bursts, killing dozens and sweeping away houses in 'sea of water'"
Iraqi forces capture 5 top IS leaders in cross-border raid
"US, Somali raid on al-Shabab seizes 3 commanders: Officials"
3 critically wounded in South Africa mosque attack
For once it isn't the students boycotting a politician speaking at graduation
Trump ramps up attacks on red-state Democrats whose votes he may need most
Feinstein formally opposes Haspel as senators declare votes for Trump's CIA pick
'#BeBest': Schumer reminds Trump of the first lady's initiative after mean tweet
"""Pro-Beyonce"" vs. ""Anti-Beyonce"": 3,500 Facebook ads show the scale of Russian manipulation"
"Kenya dam bursts, killing at least 41 and sweeping away houses in 'sea of water'"
"Malaysians usher in a new era, as they usher out the ruling coalition"
Military investigation of Niger disaster finds numerous failures in planning
Iran's supreme leader revealed private letter Trump sent to Arab allies
"Ties with US, N. Korea make Singapore an optimum summit site"
UK apologizes for role in Libyans' kidnapping and torture
"1 killed, 2 badly wounded in South Africa mosque attack"
"Giuliani parts ways with law firm, citing 'pressing demands' of client Trump"
"For Trump, winning is the best medicine"
A deputy to ISIS leader Baghdadi is among 5 key members captured by Iraqi forces
Malaysians usher in a new era as they usher out the ruling coalition
Iran's supreme leader reveals private letter Trump sent to Arab allies
Chilean bishops in Rome for expected brow-beating from pope
"At least 44 killed as dam bursts in Kenya, officials say"
UN report calls voter center attacks 'assault on democracy'
Maldives court jails 2 Supreme Court justices
"What data on more than 3,500 Russian Facebook ads reveals about the interference effort"
John McCain is poking Trump where it hurts this week
Ryan aims to quash GOP-led rebellion trying to force votes on immigration
Many Russia-linked Facebook ads weren't explicitly pro-Trump. That doesn't mean they weren't pro-Trump.
Some moderate Republicans are trying to force a House vote on DACA. Here's what that means.
Agencies are told to step up use of special powers to hire military spouses
Scientists: Hawaii volcano could soon spew 10-ton boulders from its summit
Exotic pet trade linked to invasive fungus that's killing frogs globally
Something's going on at North Korea's nuclear test site. Maybe it really is closing.
"Kenya dam bursts, sweeping away houses in 'sea of water'"
"Puerto Rico stocks food, water, radios as storm season nears"
"Officer, judge arrested in Mexico over journalist's jailing"
Rudy Giuliani's own law firm disputes a central claim of his Trump-Michael Cohen defense
Is technology bringing history to life or distorting it?
Here's why some volcanoes are more explosive than others
"Mother of cod: We're fishing exactly the wrong fish, scientists warn"
What it's like to forecast weather in the world's tornado hot spot
Harmful acid rain in Hawaii? Probably not. The clouds of sulfur dioxide are much worse.
A black Yale student fell asleep in her dorm's common room. A white student called police.
The emotional moment a stranded soldier watched his daughter's birth on FaceTime
Pentagon revised Obama-era report to remove risks from climate change
Trump and Kim will meet in Singapore. Here's why.
Killers of 3 Mexican students dissolved 12 victims in acid
Congo announces 1st confirmed death from Ebola outbreak
Facebook to launch news verification service in Brazil
"Congo's health ministry confirms one death from a new Ebola outbreak in the country's northwest, 11 active cases"
Catalan separatists pick new candidate for regional leader
"Israel, Iran engage in most serious confrontation in Syria"
Top White House official in charge of pandemic response exits abruptly
These are the most popular Russian Facebook ads from each month
"In bid to reveal secret memo, GOP congressman plans to seek federal audit of Mueller probe"
EPA signals it will ban toxic chemical found in paint strippers
What Meghan Markle means to black Brits
Lawsuits filed against Turkey over violence with guards at 2017 D.C. protest
Canadian minister asked to take off turban at US airport
"Cohen's $600,000 deal with AT&T specified he would advise on Time Warner merger, internal company records show"
Lindsey Graham is encouraged after visiting John McCain: 'No talking about funerals'
A brief recent history of political prisoners and hostages
Rudy Giuliani's comments won't stop coming back to bite him
The term 'climate change' appeared in a draft Pentagon report 23 times. The final version used it once.
Southern Baptist leader apologizes for sermon example about teenage girl's physical appearance
Nunes confrontation with Justice Department appears to ease
My journey to North Korea with the secretary of state
UN votes to take first step toward a global environment pact
"Talks on climate rules inch on, despite lack of leadership"
Group of GOP senators calls for canceling August recess
"Trump announces June 12 summit in Singapore with North Korean leader, American prisoners released"
"Candidate can use campaign funds to pay for babysitter, FEC rules"
"Trumps aides defend pay freeze and retirement cuts, but raise questions"
These are the most popular stealth Russian Facebook ads from each month
"'Pro-Beyonce' vs. 'Anti-Beyonce': 3,500 Facebook ads show the scale of Russian manipulation"
"Baristas were playing the rap song 'Get Paid.' A Duke VP complained - and they got fired, they say."
A political deal in Italy could lead to Western Europe's first fully populist government
Nunes's confrontation with Justice Department appears to ease
Congo announces 1st death amid Ebola outbreak in northwest
"CORRECTS: Congo's health ministry announces first suspected Ebola death since new outbreak, 9 people with symptoms"
Lawmakers takes step toward nullifying nuclear arms treaty with Russia
White House official derides McCain over Haspel opposition: 'He's dying anyway'
Giuliani's comments won't stop coming back to bite him
"Trump's aides defend pay freeze and retirement cuts, but raise questions"
"Trump, Kim to meet for historic summit in Singapore on June 12"
