Missouri governor indicted on felony invasion of privacy charge stemming from affair
Mueller's team has leveled over 100 criminal charges against 19 people
Gun-control advocates press Rubio for tougher stand on firearms
"Jeffrey Bell, GOP Senate candidate and architect of Reaganomics, dies at 74"
"Labor market improving in Puerto Rico, Virgin Islands, but hurricane recovery still 'hampered'"
Armed sheriff's deputy stayed outside Florida school while mass killing took place
"Special counsel Mueller files new charges against Manafort, Gates"
"Putin ally said to be in touch with Kremlin, Assad before his mercenaries attacked U.S. troops"
The Latest: Russia's amended Syrian UN resolution circulated
Nikki Haley says Trump Mideast peace plan is nearly finished
'We have to harden our schools': Trump makes arming teachers his top safety goal
'We're going to take action': Inside Trump's shifting stance on gun rights
"Conservatives battle the left, without a clear foe"
"Labor market improving in Puerto Rico and Virgin Islands, but hurricane recovery still 'hampered'"
"Some immigrants in danger of losing TPS should be able to seek green cards, federal lawsuit says"
"Fla. shooting survivor, target of online vilification, doesn't want to 'censor' critics"
Top US diplomat in Venezuela under fire for tough comments
"Hillside crashes onto Indonesian farmers; 5 dead, 18 missing"
World leaders urge Syria cease-fire as fighting escalates
Education Dept. releases records at center of a lawsuit over accrediting panels
'No way I would do that': Educators decry Trump proposal to arm teachers
KIPP charter network fires co-founder for sexual misconduct
New maps show the utterly massive imprint of fishing on the world's oceans
Not guilty verdict in death of indigenous teen in Canada
UK police probe 'racist' package sent to Harry and Meghan
"The rise and fall of Eric Greitens, the GOP star whose career is crumbling amid scandal"
Trump has proposed arming 'weapons talented teachers.' Here's what veterans had to say.
Man convicted of attempted murder invited to Trudeau party
Cash-strapped Venezuela faces eviction from Miami consulate
This might be Trump's most inflammatory anti-CNN tweet yet
Australian deputy prime minister resigns following sex scandal
Australia deputy leader quits Cabinet over harassment claim
KIPP charter school network fires co-founder over sexual misconduct allegations
Russians get 1st gold thanks to 15-year-old Zagitova
Myanmar bulldozes what is left of Rohingya Muslim villages
Russian Alina Zagitova defeats teammate Evgenia Medvedeva in figure skating; first gold for Russian team at Olympics
Trump's GOP is morphing into France's far right
Japanese men nabbed for shooting at defacto NKorean embassy
Djibouti seizes control of DP World's container terminal
"'I don't think people recognize how dire it is': West Va. teachers strike, closing all public schools"
"Fact-checking Trump, NRA claims on gun background checks"
Seychelles swaps debt for groundbreaking marine protection
AP EXPLAINS: What's N. Korea up to with provocative visit?
Modi hugs Trudeau amid Indo-Canada invitation embarrassment
Rights group: Turkey not avoiding civilians in Syria strikes
AP Exclusive: Medal haul well short of USOC projections
"Ivanka Trump arrives in South Korea, but Seoul says no meeting with North planned"
German food bank criticized for turning away foreigners
China orders 2 detained for posing in Japanese army uniforms
EU pledges 50 million euros to African counterterror force
Aide to Russian opposition leader sentenced to 30 days
China seizes control of troubled insurer that owns Waldorf Astoria
"While Korean tensions ease, 3 Americans remain 'prisoners of war' in the North"
"5 Congolese refugees killed in protests, Rwandan police say"
"Rain hampers search for Indonesian landslide victims, 7 dead"
AP PHOTOS: Highlights of Day 14 at the Pyeongchang Olympics
A 2nd Russian athlete tests positive for doping at Olympics
BMW looking at Chinese-made electric MINI
"The rise and possible fall of Eric Greitens, the GOP star whose career is crumbling amid scandal"
You need two things for a successful anti-violence movement. Post-Parkland activism about guns has both.
Please do not feed Florida's monkeys. Some carry disease that can kill you.
A teacher and father on what he can change after yet another school shooting
"In my part of red America, no one sees guns as part of the problem"
Did law school applications get a 'Trump bump?' Maybe.
Donald Trump Jr.'s wild Indian finale: a controversial speech and buyers' dinner
BMW plans to build battery electric Minis in China
Palestinian president says he is in good health after tests
Zagitova edges Medvedeva to win women's figure skating gold
Af-Pak officials inaugurate long-awaited gas pipeline
Ivanka Trump receives red-carpet welcome for Olympic visit
Is it fair to blame Democrats for not doing anything on guns when they controlled Congress?
What's behind Alexei Navalny's digital challenge to Vladimir Putin's regime? 5 things to know.
"Correctional officers, dad of one who was slain fight Trump's budget plan"
"Mueller and Trump: Born to wealth, raised to lead. Then, sharply different choices."
The racist history of the 'crisis actor' attacks on Parkland school shooting survivors
He hunted bin Laden - then died in 9/11. Now the FBI legend is the center of a new TV show.
"Minneapolis man chained, raped, and beat daughters in 'horrendous' torture case, prosecutors say"
"#BoycottNRA: Enterprise car rentals, Omaha bank sever gun lobby ties as boycott movement gains steam"
"Even in the 21st century, powerful families still shape democracies across the world"
"The Tet Offensive: 50 years later, photographs and memories still haunt Vietnam War photographer Don McCullin"
Europeans look for a way to preserve nuclear deal while punishing Iran and satisfying Trump
"After outcry, Trump Jr.'s foreign affairs speech changed to 'Fireside Chat'"
The Latest: Opposition group: Russia shouldn't vote on Syria
Donors pledge $510 million to West Africa's Sahel region
The Latest: $510 million pledged for West Africa's Sahel
Top EU diplomat says donors pledge 414 million euros ($510 million) for Africa's Sahel region
The Health 202: Here's one reason the Florida shooter wasn't blocked from getting a gun
What's next for jihadists in Yemen?
'Plogging' is the Swedish fitness craze for people who want to save the planet. It's making its way to the U.S.
White homeowner who complained of 'hoodlums' found guilty of murdering unarmed black man
The Latest: UN to vote on Syria cease-fire; will Russia?
Parents fear worst for missing girls after Nigeria attack
"Israeli army says tear gas, not beating, killed Palestinian"
Jessie Diggins picked to carry US flag at Olympic closing
Kellyanne Conway informs us that Trump is 'always listening' (to those who agree with him)
The Trump paradox: A weakened president who could do the impossible on guns - if he wanted to
The Daily 202: Trump's push to arm teachers gives the NRA what it wants and highlights GOP radicalization
The Energy 202: Why Ted Cruz rallied with Philadelphia union workers this week
What's behind Alexei Navalny's digital challenge to Vladimir Putin's regime? Five things to know.
A teacher and father on what he can change after another school shooting
His brain-damaged toddler is about to die. But this father isn't allowed to say goodbye.
Deaths mount in Syria bombing campaign near Damascus
Philippines: Suspect in Filipina's freezer death arrested
Germany beats 2-time defending Olympic champion Canada 4-3 in men's hockey semifinals
Myanmar parliament approves $15M for Rakhine border fence
Donors pledge $510 million for West Africa anti-terror force
Ivanka Trump to push for 'maximum pressure' on North Korea
3 theories on how the new Manafort and Gates charges are tied to the Russia probe
Trump: School resource officer who stayed outside South Florida school shooting a 'coward'
'No current threat': Shooting on campus at Southeastern Louisiana University injures two
'Murderers! Murderers!': A convicted killer's last words as he was executed in Florida
Trump administration to impose 'largest ever' set of sanctions against North Korea
"Trump Jr: ""I love"" Indian media, but US media? Not so much"
AP PHOTOS: Olympic achievements spark magnificent reactions
Switzerland: 2 killed in shooting in Zurich
Russia: Embassy coke bust shows our mission's strength
Turkish court rules 3 academics committed terror propaganda
Former Trump campaign official Rick Gates expected to plead guilty and cooperate with special counsel in probe of Russian election interference
The Trump paradox: A weakened president who could do the impossible
"Robert Mueller's military career, detailed in documents, was brief but remarkable"
USCIS director who eliminated 'nation of immigrants' is the son of an immigrant
"2 blasts, gunfire rock Somalia's capital; 3 said killed"
Romanian anti-corruption prosecutors demand support
Canadian police charge alleged killer with another murder
"The Latest: France, Germany to Putin: Back Syria cease-fire"
"Somali police official says 2 car bomb blasts rock Mogadishu, following by sustained gunfire"
Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens digs in after felony indictment stemming from an affair
Red states have averaged twice as big an unemployment drop under Trump as blue states
Former Trump campaign official Rick Gates plans to plead guilty to 2 charges
A big question in the debate about arming teachers: What about racial bias?
Trump: Armed teachers would have 'shot the hell out of' Florida school gunman
Florida Gov. Rick Scott backs raising age for gun purchases to 21
Progressives rage at DCCC after it attacks Texas candidate for 'begrudgingly' moving to Houston
Mueller is about to take a big step closer to Trump
"Public radio stations to relaunch shuttered DCist, Gothamist, LAist news sites"
A girl approached an emotional-support dog on a plane. It went for her face.
"Public radio stations to relaunch shuttered DCist, Gothamist local news sites"
Flu cases fall for the first time this awful influenza season
"Minneapolis man chained, raped and beat daughters in 'horrendous' torture case, prosecutors say"
Trump announces 'heaviest' ever set of sanctions against North Korea
"U.S. Embassy move to Jerusalem could come as early as mid-May, official says"
"As Cape Town's water runs out, the rich drill wells. The poor worry about eating."
U.N. Security Council delays vote on resolution calling for cease-fire in Syria
Immigration services director who eliminated 'nation of immigrants' motto is the son of an immigrant
"18 dead after 2 blasts, gunfire rock Somalia's capital"
The Latest: At least 18 dead in 2 blasts in Somali capital
"At least 18 people killed in pair of explosions in Somalia's capital, ambulance service says"
2nd Russian athlete tests positive for doping at Olympics
Trump seems to miss his old life
"Husker Du, 'Guns At My School': The Week In One Song"
This is how guns became normalized in American life
#BoycottNRA: More companies are cutting ties with gun lobby as movement gains steam
CDC seeks new labs for bioterror pathogens to replace aging facility
"Minneapolis man chained and beat daughters, repeatedly raping one, prosecutors say"
Canada's health-care system is a point of national pride. But a study shows it might be stalled.
Trump announces 'heaviest sanctions ever' against North Korea
Canada's health-care system is a point of national pride. But a study shows it's at risk of becoming outdated.
UN to vote on 30-day humanitarian cease-fire in Syria
France unveils broad new plan to tackle radicalization
Canada's health-care system is a point of national pride. But is it at risk of becoming outdated?
Nigerians are demanding answers after another potential Boko Haram kidnapping
The Latest: Al-Shabab claims Somalia blasts that kill 18
"Autopsy aside, Israeli army says tear gas killed Palestinian"
The NRA's solution for school shootings: Making schools battle-ready
Trump says chief of staff Kelly will handle decisions about Jared Kushner's security clearance
Former Trump campaign official Rick Gates pleads guilty to 2 charges
"Any new gun control would need to address norms, as well as laws"
Did law school applications get a 'Trump bump'? Maybe.
Donald Trump Jr.'s Indian finale: a 'fireside chat' and champagne buyers dinner
"U.S. Embassy in Israel will move to Jerusalem in mid-May, State Department says"
What we know about the shadowy Russian mercenary firm behind the attack on U.S. troops in Syria
"18 killed as 2 blasts, gunfire rock Somalia's capital"
Shiffrin jokes about whether Vonn's Olympic career is over
#BoycottNRA: Hertz is the latest company to cut ties with gun lobby as movement gains steam
What we know about the shadowy Russian mercenary firm behind an attack on U.S. troops in Syria
Iranian official panned for rights abuses to visit UN body
Top Justice Dept. official alerted White House 2 weeks ago to ongoing issues in Kushner's security clearance
The unending campaign of Donald Trump
House Republicans push Ryan to hold vote on background-check bill
Hertz is the latest firm to cut ties with NRA as boycott movement gains steam
"His toddler kept him from sleeping. So he nearly decapitated the child, police say."
Donald Trump Jr.'s Indian finale: a 'fireside chat' and buyers' dinner with champagne
The Latest: UN delays vote on 30-day Syria cease-fire
US donors balk at pope's request for $25M for Rome hospital
Deaths mounts in Syria as UN weighs cease-fire resolution
Florida Gov. Rick Scott backs raising age for rifle purchases to 21
Trump says armed teachers would best protect students because they 'love their pupils'
KIPP charter network fires co-founder for alleged sexual misconduct
Trump administration unveils sanctions aimed at starving North Korea of resources
U.N. Security Council again fails to vote on a cease-fire for Syria
"Again under pressure, Justice Department plods toward regulation of bump stocks"
"Top Homeland Security official, who clashed with White House over immigration policy, to step down"
