Trump rolls out tariff policies like a reality show - complete with cliffhangers
"Conspiracy theorists harass Sutherland Springs churchgoers, pastor whose daughter was killed"
"With Tooke's resignation, scandal continues to burn the U.S. Forest Service"
Inside Trump's private meeting with the video-game industry - and its critics
State Department warns of 'security threat' in popular Mexican resort city
These penguins found a camera in Antarctica and captured a selfie
North Korean leader Kim Jong Un has invited President Trump to a meeting
U.S. allies see Trump's steel tariffs as an insult
"Whistleblower had 'no evidence' Clinton helped Russia assume American uranium stake, Democrats say"
Sessions invoking secession sets his critics up to revisit concerns about the AG's history on race
Trump has gotten credit for his North Korea strategy. But a Kim Jong Un meeting presents an unprecedented challenge.
Trump accepts invitation to meet with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un
US: Mexico Playa del Carmen threat unrelated to ferries
UN envoy urges Taliban to respond to Afghan government offer
US lawsuit: Venezuela cheated of billions by rigged oil bids
Trump has gotten credit on North Korea. But a Kim Jong Un meeting presents an unprecedented challenge.
They survived a school shooting only to wage battle in some of the nastiest corners of the Internet
Trump administration warns Idaho against its rebel insurance plans
A guide to all of the investigations into the Parkland massacre as police release shooting timeline
Trump's North Korea gambit blindsides U.S. diplomats
Asian shares rise as trade fears on Trump's tariffs ease
Trump's bellicosity secures a diplomatic coup - for now
"Malaysia opposition pledges to axe tax, investigate scandal"
Myanmar soldiers accused of killing 2 Kachin civilians
South Korea's president praises potential Trump-Kim meeting
"Crew with seeds, corals restore environment in Puerto Rico"
Venezuela-linked trust sues foreign oil traders for bribes
"South Korean president says U.S.-North Korea summit will put the North's denuclearization ""really on track."""
"Nursing home forced employee to get a flu shot despite her religious objections, DOJ suit says"
The far-right slur at the heart of Trump's economic agenda
Indonesia seizes illegally logged wood from Papua
Turkey's war on Kurds unsettles fronts in northern Syria
Pakistan under pressure to rein in blasphemy law
Slovakia goes from stability to chaos after journalist death
President Trump plans to meet Kim Jong Un for nuke talks
"The Latest: South wants 'good outcome' when Trump, Kim meet"
"Afghan official: Taliban assault outpost, kill 10 policemen"
"Chemical factory fire in India kills at least 3, injures 13"
Belgian soccer body drops plans for rapper's World Cup song
"Trump, Kim summit has pitfalls to dodge first"
Japanese towns struggle to deal with an influx of new arrivals: wild boars
Japan court sentences Peruvian to hang for killing 6 people
"Amid lull, Red Cross delivers aid to Syria's Ghouta"
Cambodian court denies opposition leader release on bail
The Latest: Russian FM welcomes news of Trump-Kim meeting
Europe is pushing back against Trump's steel and aluminum tariffs. Here's how.
Kim Jong Un wants to be seen as Donald Trump's equal. A meeting will give that.
Top E.U. trade official says she will seek exemption to Trump tariffs
Europe is using peanut butter to send a message to Trump
"Tillerson says 'talks,' but no 'negotiations' with NKorea"
The Latest: Russia offers help to UK to probe poisoning
Calm returning to Muslim neighborhoods in Sri Lanka
The Latest: German steel producers slam Trump's tariffs
Did Trump just rush into negotiations with Kim Jong Un? It sure looks that way.
'It's killing the agency': Ugly power struggle paralyzes Trump's plan to fix veterans' care
"2,000 frozen eggs and embryos possibly 'compromised' after fertility clinic temperature malfunction"
"She said she killed her son and hid him in a manure pile. The truth is more sinister, police say."
An unexplained butt-groping loophole in Minnesota law is about to be closed
Ride a bike to work? You get paid $5 to do it in New Zealand.
"What could go wrong? Pitfalls pose risks in Trump, Kim talks"
"Vatican: Pope to visit the 3 Baltic nations, Sept. 22-25"
The Latest: UK sends military to help investigate poisoning
Pakistan arrests suspect in student's slaying over blasphemy
British authorities deploy military to help investigate poisoning of ex-Russian spy
"Russia says it could help UK with spy case, but not to blame"
North Korea won't give up its nuclear weapons. The U.S. has 3 good reasons to talk anyway.
"New poll: Most teenagers and adults think arming teachers is dangerous, favor minimum age for buying assault rifles"
Trump called Gary Cohn a 'globalist.' Here's why some people find that offensive.
Dramatic video shows Border Patrol agents pulling woman away from her screaming children
Water tap delivers massive shock to Australian girl causing 'catastrophic' damage
"Rex Tillerson said talking to Kim Jong Un wouldn't be 'realistic' or prudent yet. Hours later, Trump said he'd do it."
UN rights chief: Philippines' Duterte should undergo checks
The Latest: Merkel hopes for EU exemption from tariffs
Suicide bomber kills 9 in Kabul; Taliban kill 16 in province
Pakistani court allows Islamist party to enter elections
UK military aiding spy probe; Russia says it's not to blame
"The Energy 202: Almost 100,000 comments missing from federal sage grouse conservation report"
"The Finance 202: Stocks most vulnerable to Trump tariffs shrug, so far"
My students call me the 'peace teacher.' My job has never felt more important.
"Nursing home forced employee to get a flu shot despite her religious objections, Justice Department suit says"
At least 30 die in attacks around Afghanistan
"At least 30 die in Afghan violence, including 10 Shiites in Kabul suicide attack"
Kim Jong Un wants to be seen as Donald Trump's equal. A meeting would do that.
Philippine police say Arab militant suspect won't be freed
The Latest: Turkey says Syrian Kurdish enclave surrounded
Official says car bomb explosion kills 3 in Libya's east
The Latest: Slovakian leaders fail to agree on declaration
The Daily 202: Trump launches a rescue mission to save GOP seat in Pennsylvania special election
The Health 202: Alex Azar is making it known he'll uphold the law. Even if it's Obamacare.
"Almost 100,000 comments missing from sage grouse report"
Scandal continues to burn the U.S. Forest Service
"Lost for decades, the Alcoholics Anonymous original manuscript will be auctioned for millions"
An unexplained groping loophole in Minnesota law is about to be closed
Spanish judge won't release Catalan separatist for vote
The Latest: Dutch say EU prepared to respond to US tariffs
Japan finance ministry confirms death of official in scandal
Renewed violence as Red Cross delivers aid to Syria's Ghouta
Dennis Rodman praises Trump's plan to meet with Kim: 'Please send my regards'
"Three theories about Obama TV, possibly coming to Netflix"
North Korea won't give up its nuclear weapons. The U.S. has three good reasons to talk anyway.
Women in Iran remove headscarves and hope for a 'turning point'
Tillerson professes no surprise at Trump's plans to meet Kim Jong Un
"At least 30 die in Afghan violence, including 10 in Kabul suicide attack on Shiites"
"John Sulston, who decode the human genome, dies at 75"
"Pakistan: Drone strike kills Taliban chief's son, 20 others"
US stocks climb on strong jobs report; inflation fears ease
Aid workers deliver aid to Syria's Ghouta amid violence
Trump's seat-of-his-pants style and lack of message control loom over meeting with Kim Jong Un
Some of the best news from the February jobs report
Why Congress is cautiously optimistic on Trump's talks with North Korea
Infants kept suffering fractures and bruises at this hospital - and officials want to know why
Daylight saving time starts this weekend. Here's how things would change if we got rid of it.
Poland's president offers a qualified apology for '68 anti-Semitic purge
A North Korean propaganda film foretold proposed talks between Trump and Kim Jong Un
Poland's president offers a nonapology apology for '68 anti-Semitic purge. (The 'Holocaust bill' is still on the books.)
North Korea's nuclear weapons: What you need to know
"Water tap delivers massive shock to Australian girl, causing 'catastrophic' damage"
"John Sulston, who decoded the human genome, dies at 75"
Hippo roaming loose for months in southern Mexico
The Latest: Red Cross says aid delivered to Syria's Ghouta
Palestinian killed in West Bank clashes with Israeli forces
Prosecutors want life sentence for killing of German student
Only two people have met both Trump and Kim Jong Un. One is Dennis Rodman.
Kenya president and opposition leader agree to unify country
Polish official confirms document revealing US-Polish strain
The Latest: Huge rallies in Slovakia after reporter's death
"Amid stories about Trump's alleged past sexual activity, administration focuses on abstinence-only education"
"Howlin' Wolf, 'Back Door Man': The Week In One Song"
What deals has Trump actually gotten done as president?
An engineer and a mathematician will face off in Texas's next primary election
"China's foreign minister suggests 'Chinese dragon' and 'Indian elephant' should dance, not fight"
"U.S.-South Korea military exercises are on, despite Trump's planned meeting with Kim. Here's what will happen."
'Diplomatic shock and awe': Here's how people are reacting to Trump's move to meet Kim Jong Un
Trump organization to sue to restore name on Panama hotel
Chile cardinal seeks to deflect criticism for pope's trip
Ethiopia deports British journalist over accreditation issue
Tens of thousands protest in Slovakia at journalist's death
"President Trump's company reveals how much foreign profit it donated to the U.S. Treasury: $151,470"
New evidence the Stormy Daniels payment may have violated election law
Here's what we know about Trump the diplomat ahead of his Kim Jong Un meeting
Education Dept. opens door for student loan companies to ignore state authority
Alabama high school student charged in classroom shooting that left classmate dead
This dire ocean scenario is a stark reminder of why the world is trying to stop climate change
Trump's tariffs are both threatening and familiar in steel hub of Germany's once-Communist east
Russia's young people are Putin's biggest fans
Aid delivered to Syria's Ghouta amid renewed violence
UK military chemical experts aid police in spy poison probe
The Latest: Al-Qaida fighters in Syria want to go to Idlib
Is GOP Florida Gov. Rick Scott's support for gun control a savvy political move or a big mistake?
Florida Gov. Rick Scott breaks with NRA to sign new gun regulation
The White House sounds like it might have cold feet about Trump's commitment to meet Kim Jong Un
"Vulnerable Republican senator predicts Supreme Court vacancy, hopes it jolts 'not very motivated' GOP base"
This city just passed an antismoking law. It's the brainchild of a Girl Scout troop.
Police: Gunman holding 3 hostages at California veterans home
Nursing assistants accused of sex with patients from psychiatric and substance abuse center
British military to assist in investigation of ex-Russian spy poisoned with nerve agent
British military called in to help police investigate poisoning of ex-Russian spy
"The big unknown in a Trump-Kim meeting? Location, location, location."
"Why Kim Jong Un wants a meeting with Donald Trump, and 5 other global stories you might have missed"
Turkey: 2 opposition journalists released until trial ends
Suspect from 2015 Paris attacks speaks to judge for 1st time
Trump to attend Summit of the Americas meeting in Peru
Peruvian official: Trump will attend Summit of the Americas regional meeting of Western Hemisphere leaders in Peru.
It's not just insurgent Senate contenders distancing themselves from Mitch McConnell. Just ask Josh Hawley.
Florida Gov. Rick Scott breaks with NRA to sign new gun regulations
The White House sounds like it might have cold feet about Trump meeting Kim Jong Un
Neighbor pleads guilty in attack that left Sen. Rand Paul with six broken ribs
"At least 30 die in Afghan violence, including 10 in Kabul attack on Shiites"
Judge rejects polygamy law challenge in Canada
Vote on Catalonia's new president canceled to await EU court
"White House says Trump-Kim meeting contingent on 'concrete, verifiable actions' by Pyongyang"
The White House sounds as if it might have cold feet about Trump meeting Kim Jong Un
Police: Gunman holding hostage 3 employees of veterans program at state-run home in California
Trump pardons former Navy sailor convicted of retaining submarine pictures in case that drew comparisons to Clinton
"A top U.S. diplomat in Latin America leaves in protest, swelling an exodus"
Brazilian prosecutors sue to shut church over forced labor
The Latest: Argentina's Macri expresses concerns to Trump
