Justice Department charges former Minnesota FBI agent with leaking documents
Trump administration 'cautiously optimistic' summit with N. Korea will take place
The Latest: US says it pays too much of UN peacekeeping cost
Ex-US diplomat Rosemary DiCarlo gets top UN political post
"Riot, fire hit Venezuela police station; officials mum"
A California sheriff is posting inmate release dates to help ICE capture undocumented immigrants
"Deadly riot, fire hit Venezuela police station; no numbers"
North Korean nuclear site more active ahead of Kim meetings
"Trump taps his doctor to replace Shulkin at VA, choosing personal chemistry over traditional qualifications"
Rival Koreas begin high-level talks meant to set up summit
Mexican capos get investigation into prison price hikes
Brazil's da Silva calls demonstrations the work of fascists
Senior North and South Korean officials begin high-level talks to set up planned summit in April
Mexico to probe capos' complaints on junk food price hikes
Malala Yousafzai in Pakistan for 1st time since she was shot
Malala Yousafzai returns to Pakistan for first time she was shot in 2012 by militants for championing girls' education
"1 year to Brexit: So much to do, so little time"
China appeals to Washington to give up tariff plan
Asian shares mixed as tech losses weigh in muted trading
Three big questions about a Trump-Kim summit
Angry families demand facts on deadly Venezuela jail riot
"Filipino extremist blamed for bombings, killings surrenders"
The Latest: Venezuela AG says 68 died in police station fire
Venezuela's chief prosecutor says 68 dead after riot and fire at police station
Rival Korean leaders to meet April 27 in historic summit
"Militant leader, bin Laden ally roams freely in Pakistan"
Cardinal's Australian court hearing on sex charges ends
The Latest: Pakistanis welcome peace prize winner Malala
Fact-checking claims about Trump's citizenship question in the Census
The Latest: Seoul: Inter-Korean summit to focus on nukes
Italian police arrest 5 linked to Berlin Christmas attacker
India sends notice to Facebook over alleged data breach
China's defunct space lab hurtling toward Earth for re-entry
Victims of deadly fire in Siberia to be laid to rest
"Jordan accepts Israel's pick of ambassador, as ties improve"
Israeli army nabs Gaza infiltrators ahead of mass protests
The Latest: Malala attends ceremony with Pakistani PM
French PM leads funerals for 4 victims of extremist attack
John Bolton's appointment reveals this much bigger problem
"This Cambodian city is turning into a Chinese enclave, and not everyone is happy."
Prosecutors demand 16 years prison for Indonesian politician
Pope on Holy Thursday urges priests to be close to sinners
Malala says she will continue fight for girls' education
Driver tries to hit 2 soldiers with vehicle in French Alps
The Latest: Malala to continue fight for girls' education
Speaker Ryan exiting soon? 'Ludicrous' says predecessor Boehner
You know that Chinese satellite crashing to Earth within days? It's not alone.
"Beijing's mysterious visitor, and 6 other global stories you might have missed"
Malaysia cuts proposed penalty for fake news to 6 years
German police investigate beheading of homeless man
Croatia approves $500 million deal to buy Israeli fighters
Egyptian media say election turnout was around 40 percent
The White House views the killings of black men by police across the country as local issues. They aren't.
How will China react to Trump's tariffs? Here are 5 things you should know.
Your sugar bomb may get extra scrutiny at the airport: TSA agents ask some travelers to remove snacks from carry-ons
Family of boy in viral police hug photo dies after SUV plunges off cliff. He's still missing.
"Malala Yousafzai, world's youngest Nobel laureate, returns to home in Pakistan"
'We all have the right to defend freedom': Transgender veterans speak out against Trump's ban
"Pakistan, US officials reach understanding on militants"
UK police make new arrest in major 2015 jewel heist
Kenyan opposition figure says he was drugged and deported
The Finance 202: 'We're jittery right now.' Amazon sell-off reflects market's sensitivity to Trump headlines
"Africa's big new free trade agreement, explained"
The Daily 202: Loyalty to Trump emerges as a top issue in Republican primary campaign commercials
TSA agents now asking some travelers to remove snacks from carry-ons
U.S. judges for now decline to lift injunctions against Trump transgender troop ban
EPA staffers get talking points playing down human role in climate change
Trump officials prepare to undo fuel-efficiency targets despite some automakers' misgivings
'A second-rate bean': Houston's new bean sculpture scorned in Chicago
Fire rips through Venezuela prison killing at least 68
List of countries and others expelling Russian diplomats
Grief overwhelms Kemerovo as whole families are buried
Red Cross says staffer dies after car bombing in Somalia
The Latest: Rights groups demand probe into Venezuela deaths
The Health 202: The VA is still struggling to reform. Now its boss is gone.
We finally got an answer as to whether Trump knew about the Stormy Daniels payment
The Energy 202: Scott Pruitt's climate message is now official EPA guidance
The White House views the police killings of unarmed black men as a local issue. They aren't.
Families of victims of Russia's mall fire are angry. What does this mean for Putin's power?
"Speaker Ryan exiting soon? 'Ludicrous,' says predecessor Boehner"
"Flagship universities go national: At Michigan, nearly half of students now from out of state"
"Fire rips through Venezuela detention center, killing at least 68"
"Malala Yousafzai, world's youngest Nobel laureate, returns home to Pakistan"
China's failing satellite is just one example of a massive space debris problem
German equality chief slams minister for male-only top team
"A Syrian town, threatened by Turkey, counts on US backing"
"Malala visits native Pakistan, 1st time since Taliban attack"
Canadian teen wins $1K a week for life on 1st lottery ticket
Georgia expels Russian diplomat over spy poisoning
Trump vs. Amazon: The sequel
We finally got an answer about whether Trump knew about the Stormy Daniels payment
"Flagships go national: At U-Michigan, nearly half of students now from out of state"
"President Trump's worst behaviors can infect us all just like the flu, according to science."
More than 200 former diplomats are alarmed at the state of American diplomacy
Pair arrested as driver tries to hit soldiers in French Alps
The Latest: Condition of Russian ex-spy's daughter improves
'Ghana First:' US military deal leads thousands to protest
UK health officials: Ex-spy's daughter no longer in condition critical as condition improves after nerve agent attack
Lawyer Amal Clooney to represent detained Myanmar reporters
"Who is Trump's new Veterans Affairs pick, Ronny Jackson?"
"The sudden end of Dan Schneider's time at Nickelodeon, where he built an empire"
Trump's envoy to Israel says he was 'misquoted' in reports that U.S. was seeking to replace Palestinian leader Abbas
Julian Assange loses Internet access
IOC details no-cost bid plan for Youth Olympics in Africa
Al-Qaida attack on Yemeni checkpoint kills 9 troops
US stocks move broadly higher in morning trading; oil rising
France: ex-President Sarkozy to face corruption trial
Relatives await bodies after fire kills 68 at Venezuela jail
Syrian government gives rebels in enclave 3-day ultimatum
Trump heads to Ohio for first public appearance this week
"Trump doesn't know what his own attorneys are up to. That's what voters are supposed to believe, anyway."
The Latest: Pope Francis to have cataracts surgery next year
France's ex-president Sarkozy to face a corruption trial
Russian ex-spy's daughter no longer in critical condition
The Latest: Russia: Western nations researched nerve agent
"Puerto Rico to create charter schools, award vouchers"
The Latest: Lawyer says Venezuela jail violated law
Judge denies Stormy Daniels's bid to expedite case against Trump over confidential agreement
Does Roseanne actually live in Trump country?
Senate Judiciary's Russia-related probe requests documents from more Trump campaign officials
"President Trump's worst behaviors can infect us all just like the flu, according to science"
"Nicolas Sarkozy ordered to stand trial for alleged corruption, abuse of influence"
"Russia to expel U.S. diplomats, close St. Petersburg consulate"
A woman says she was raped by 3 rugby players. The jury disagreed.
'Fake news' may soon be illegal in Malaysia. Who gets to define it?
The Latest: Russia to expel same number of envoys as West
Israel to restrict entry of Gaza Christians for Easter
US says airstrike killed top al-Qaida leader in Libya
"Trump's approval rating may be increasing, but the same can't be said for Congress"
Senate panel requests documents from more Trump campaign officials as part of Russia-related probe
"Just about everyone sees everybody else as a distracted driver, AAA survey says"
Funeral begins for Stephon Clark amid outrage over fatal police shooting
"Just about everyone sees everybody else as distracted driver, AAA survey says"
Canadians' love affair with Justin Trudeau is over
"Russia to expel 60 U.S. diplomats, close St. Petersburg consulate"
Russia responds quid pro quo to diplomats' expulsions
The Latest: Chunks of plaster fall from St. Peter's Basilica
Pakistani police say provincial politician killed journalist
The Latest: Russia demands to see poisoned spy's daughter
"Trump's Ohio speech to promote infrastructure ranges widely, from North Korea to 'Roseanne'"
"Trump's approval rating may be increasing, but the same can't be said for Congress's"
Boy in viral hug photo and his family feared dead after *their* SUV plunges off a cliff
"This Cambodian city is turning into a Chinese enclave, and not everyone is happy"
McCabe launches GoFundMe to raise money for legal costs
Big tech rally sends stocks surging in afternoon trading
Man drives car toward French soldiers; no terror link
The Latest: US: Russia has 'no justification' for expulsions
The Latest: Relatives say guards poured gas before fire
Trump says U.S. will leave Syria 'very soon' - despite promises not to telegraph military moves
Why a Laura Ingraham boycott will probably fail
An investigation: Had people heard the word 'trillion' a decade ago?
Boy in viral hug photo and his family feared dead after their SUV plunges off a cliff
Families demand answers after blaze kills at least 68 in overcrowded Venezuelan jail
The Latest: UK official: Russia conduct 'hybrid warfare'
Offshore oil block auction nets Brazil more than $2 billion
Did missteps help French attacker slip past security net?
Brazil police make arrests in graft probe linked to Temer
"The reddest baseball fan base? By our estimate, it's the Reds."
Trump says U.S. will leave Syria 'very soon' - despite his promises not to telegraph military moves
"Sessions, for now, rebuffs GOP calls for second special counsel to probe FBI actions in Clinton and Russia probes"
UN chief urges bigger greenhouse gas cuts than pledged
Tech gains help US stocks end a rocky quarter with a bang
"Cambridge Analytica's work for Trump campaign, Bolton PAC prompt complaint to DOJ"
Sharpton joins hundreds of mourners to demand justice for Stephon Clark amid outrage over fatal police shooting
How Trump got to 'yes' on the biggest purge of Russian spies in U.S. history
Relatives demand answers after Venezuela jail fire kills 68
"In emotional speech, CDC's new leader vows to uphold science"
"Mass violence in the U.S. usually follows warning signs from attackers, report finds"
"Tesla announces massive recall affecting 123,000 cars around the world"
"Facing boycott, Laura Ingraham apologizes for taunting Parkland teen over college rejections"
Parkland shooting suspect's brother sentenced to probation for trespassing at school
How a four-star general and a Berkeley professor came to write a leadership book together
The school board rejected NRA 'blood money' for a high school rifle team. Locals donated instead.
Trump sons unload on Jeb Bush
Canadians' love affair with Justin Trudeau is on the rocks
Russia will expel U.S. diplomats and close a consulate in St. Petersburg
Families seek answers after blaze kills dozens in Venezuelan jail
"Sessions, for now, rebuffs GOP calls for second special counsel to probe FBI actions in Clinton and Russia investigations"
The Latest: White House decries Russia expelling US envoys
