'I'm brave now!' Victims of sexual harassment say they are finding their voice through new legal defense program
A former Russian troll speaks: 'It was like being in Orwell's world'
"Drone collisions, close calls underscore growing risks for aircraft"
US Navy says China's military buildup won't stop patrols
'No more guns!': Protesters rally to denounce political inaction in wake of latest school shooting
"Trump criticizes FBI for failure to probe tip on Fla. shooter, says 'too much time' spent on Russia probe"
Trump adviser: Russian meddling 'incontrovertible'
The Latest: Trump tweet undercuts McMaster Russia claims
Pacific cruise liner brawl sends guests fleeing to cabins
"National security adviser sees proof of Russian hacking as 'incontrovertible,' prompting rebuke from Trump"
Iraqi victories remain fragile as US reduces troops
Russians face unfamiliar wait for first Olympic gold
Israel strikes Hamas targets in Gaza after soldiers wounded
"Commercial plane crashes in southern Iran, killing 66 people"
The Latest: All 66 people aboard killed in Iran plane crash
Iran's Aseman Airlines spokesman tells state TV that airplane crash in southern Iran has killed all 66 people on board
Iran's semi-official Fars news agency says an Iranian commercial airliner has crashed in southern Iran
The Russian journalist who helped uncover election interference is confounded by the Mueller indictments
Israel's Netanyahu to Iran: Don't test Israel's resolve
The Latest: Netanyahu to Poland: Don't rewrite Holocaust
The Latest: Iran plane crash killed all 66 people on board
Egypt accepts delay of Ethiopia dam meeting as protests rage
"Brandishing drone fragment, Netanyahu warns of war with Iran"
Hard falls at Olympics but no hard rules about concussions
Head of Latvian Central Bank is detained for questioning
The Latest: Kerry: We must ensure Iran nuke deal survives
Brazil battles yellow fever - and a 'dangerous' anti-vaccination campaign
"Brandishing drone fragment, Netanyahu warns that Iran risks conflict"
The Latest: Germany sends condolences over Iran plane crash
Husband of slain MP Jo Cox steps down after misconduct claim
"The Latest: Iran calls Israel PM's drone claim a ""circus"""
"This video of a shivering, abandoned puppy went viral. It has a happy ending."
Top U.S. officials tell the world to ignore Trump's tweets
Zimbabwe president sees deceased opposition leader's family
AP PHOTOS: Beauty in the details at Pyeongchang Olympics
Poland tries to frame PM's Holocaust remarks as frank debate
The Latest: Iran's leaders offer condolences over air crash
Israeli PM Netanyahu to Iran: Don't test Israel's resolve
"'They are laughing their asses off in Moscow': Trump takes on the FBI, Russia probe and 2016 election"
A CNN host called Ted Cruz 'afraid' to talk guns. Then the senator did an interview with the network.
The Latest: Iran says 65 killed in airplane crash
"Turkey's PM expects top-level meetings of Erdogan, Merkel"
Dozens granted bail in Kuwait over 2011 parliament storming
Job center for Syrians opens in Jordan refugee camp
Pistorius prosecutor sets sights on South Africa's Zuma
Latvian member of European Central Bank detained in probe
My toddler was so sick with the flu. Here's why I think he survived.
"A video of a shivering, abandoned puppy went viral. It has a happy ending."
'An act of stupidity:' Mexicans furious after government helicopter kills 13 quake victims
Russia: 4 dead in church shooting; police kill suspect
West Africa's extremism spreading as thousands flee homes
German police probe British woman over Holocaust remarks
All 65 aboard plane feared dead in crash in southern Iran
2 Turkish soldiers missing after vehicle topples into flood
Every time Trump has talked about addressing Russian interference in our elections
Florida students plea with Congress: It's about the guns
Iran says fog caused a plane crash that may have killed 65. That might not be the whole story.
Nigeria releasing 475 Boko Haram suspects for rehabilitation
Russia: 5 dead in church shooting; police kill suspect
"London fashion: 70s vibe at Mouret, glamour from Temperley"
Trump tweets another anti-CNN cartoon - this one by the same artist who drew Clinton in blackface
Fact checking Trump's error-filled tweetstorm about the Russia investigation
Israeli police arrest telecom officials in graft case
Hungarian leader calls Christianity 'Europe's last hope'
Fact-checking Trump's error-filled tweetstorm about the Russia investigation
Polish PM seeks dialogue with Israel on 'difficult history'
How presidents spent their birthdays
"Under fire for travel expenses, Pruitt cancels trip to Israel"
A rare copy of the Declaration of Independence survived the Civil War hidden behind wallpaper. Later it was tossed in a box.
"After a scary diagnosis, uncertainty can be the hardest part"
She didn't expect her video of a screaming Delta passenger would go viral. Now she feels bad.
"'We say now': The day more than 25,000 Florida teachers resigned over pay and school funding"
"Jellyfish sleep despite lacking a brain, and other stories about animals at rest"
'No more guns!': Florida students rally to denounce political inaction after 17 killed in school shooting
'People are angry': Pain turns political in Parkland after school shooting
Saakashvili supporters march to demand Poroshenko step down
Bolivia blames both Carnival blasts on dynamite
Turkey: Soldiers die after vehicle topples in flooded river
Main party candidates formally join Mexico presidential race
Maldives court delays reinstating pro-opposition lawmakers
"Avalanches kill 2 skiers in France, injure 2 in Switzerland"
Advice from a survivor of the Florida school shooting: It's time to start ignoring Trump.
"Victor Sidel, physician and social activist, dies at 86"
'We are going to make a change': Q&#038;A with a student organizing march after the Florida shooting
Polish leader denies being a Holocaust revisionist after blaming 'Jewish perpetrators'
My toddler was very sick with the flu. Here's why I think he survived.
Advice from a survivor of the Florida school shooting: It's time to start ignoring Trump
Florida students plead with Congress: It's about the guns
