"A 'pro-white' town manager wants races to separate, rails against Islam - and refuses to quit"
"The Latest: Pope departs Peru, concluding South America trip"
"Pope Francis departs Peruvian capital, ending weeklong South America trip marred by violence, clerical sex abuse scandal"
Saudi coalition announces $1.5 billion in aid for Yemen
Las Vegas Women's March pivots from feminist protest to politics
"The Finance 202, Davos Edition: The Trump administration is sending a lot of people to Davos"
"As federal shutdown continues, states bail out Lady Liberty, Grand Canyon"
Watch Graham shuttle on the Senate floor as a shutdown loomed
Senate adjourns without deal to end government shutdown; vote postponed until noon Monday
Rocket launched in New Zealand deploys commercial satellites
The Latest: US condemns Kabul hotel attack that left 18 dead
Afghan forces end Taliban siege at Kabul hotel; 18 dead
'Defiance Disorder': Another new book describes chaos in Trump's White House
S. Koreans burn Kim's photo as N. Korean band leader passes
Sundance film 'The Sentence' puts a tearful human face on prison injustice
"John Coleman, Weather Channel founder and climate change heretic, dies at 83"
"Hispanics forgo health services to avoid officials' attention, advocates say"
Journalists covering Mexico indigenous candidate robbed
"Among Rohingya, refugee squalor can seem better than home"
Tokyo holds evacuation drill to prepare for N. Korean threat
Asian stocks mixed after US government shutdown
"Let's talk about the big, scary asteroid that is definitely not going to hit Earth"
"Deaths of Canadian billionaire, wife a tantalizing mystery"
Dismissive words on abuse scandal cast pall over pope's trip
"No, 'nearly 3 in 4' convicted of terrorism aren't foreign-born"
Will Trump become a Davos Man?
Trial in Kim Jong Nam's murder resumes in Malaysia
"Philippine volcano explodes, authorities raise alert level"
"Doctor who aided hunt for bin Laden languishes, forgotten"
Mayon volcano has an explosive eruption and Philippine authorities have raised alert to level four
Asian stocks advance despite US government shutdown
"EU ministers, Abbas to study ways to back two-state solution"
The Latest: Bangladesh says Rohingya repatriation postponed
Indonesia investigates online insults of Brunei's sultan
Police: House fire kills 7 children in United Arab Emirates
Bangladesh official says repatriation of Rohingya Muslim refugees back to Myanmar has been postponed
President Trump's claim that 'nearly 3 in 4' convicted of terrorism are foreign-born
Fugitive Puigdemont arrives in Copenhagen
Head of Russian outlet RT says US foreign agent order hurts
The Latest: North Korean figure skaters competing in Taiwan
Rohingya Muslim refugee return to Myanmar delayed
"German conservatives, partners face tough coalition talks"
Pence kicks off Israel visit with Netanyahu meeting
Maldives ex-leader says Chinese projects akin to land grab
Turkish troops face fierce battles in Syrian Kurdish enclave
Here's a report card for Trump's first year in office
"Smashing a record, House Democrats' fundraising exceeded $100 million in 2017"
CAS opens week of cases for 39 Russians banned from Olympics
Head of Britain's army warns of eroding capability
Focus shifts to executions in Japan's 1995 sarin gas attack
"Fugitive Puigdemont in Denmark, Spanish seek arrest warrant"
Iraqi parliament sets May 12 as date for national elections
France seeks EU pact on closer ties with the Palestinians
"In Syria's Aleppo, old bazaar struggles to come back to life"
"Corruption at 13,000 feet: Afghanistan struggles to maintain a treacherous mountain trade route"
"Video of swarming rats worries Paris, amid flooding worries"
"Measles, malnutrition kill nearly 100 in Indonesia's Papua"
Catalan Parliament Speaker proposes fugitive ex-leader Puigdemont as candidate to form government
The Latest: Russia says US foments Syria Kurdish separatism
"Jared Kushner's father on probe into family company: ""We are not at all concerned."""
Excessively flattering Trump hurts the republic. Here's how.
"Women and independents drive advantage for Democrats ahead of midterm elections, Post-ABC poll finds"
"In Jerusalem, Pence optimistically declares 'new era' for peace talks even as Palestinians snub visit"
China to U.S.: It's your fault we are in the South China Sea
France's Sanofi buys US hemophilia specialist Bioverativ
"Mutko says Russia's Olympic athletes will be young, clean"
Thai police arrest 2 Israeli men in compatriot's killing
German nurse charged with 97 more murders at hospitals
Why other countries don't have government shutdowns
The Latest: Pence to give keynote speech to Israel lawmakers
'Executed' North Korean pop diva takes Olympic spotlight
"India, Pakistan continue trading fire and blame in Kashmir"
"He is praised for his bravery, but this ex-chaplain is still haunted by the Vietnam War's most desperate siege."
Here are eight 'Schools of Opportunity' that do extraordinary things for students
Zinke to sign land-swap deal allowing road through Alaska's Izembek wilderness
This NASA spacecraft will get closer to the sun than anything ever before
Pan Am pilots' claim for restitution from Lockerbie bombing fund is rejected
ICE detains a Polish doctor and green-card holder who has lived in the U.S. for nearly 40 years
"'It's about time': Ruth Bader Ginsburg praises #MeToo, recounts harassment in Sundance talk"
Congress can easily avoid shutdowns. Here's why it doesn't.
"The MoviePass deal: For less than $120 a year, you can see 365 movies. Here's the catch."
Baffled by a home's square footage? You ought to be because there are no uniform standards to count it.
Pence says U.S. embassy to make Jerusalem move next year on faster timetable
The Latest: Pence: US Embassy in Jerusalem by end of 2019
Vice President Mike Pence says US Embassy in Jerusalem will open next year
Hsieh brings unorthodox style to center stage at Aussie Open
Ejector seat maker admits safety violations in pilot's death
EU imposes sanctions on 7 senior Venezuelan officials
The Latest: Judge refuses intl arrest warrant for Puigdemont
This brave ex-chaplain is still haunted by the Vietnam War's most desperate siege
Donald Trump: 'Complicit' - Campaign 2018
The Health 202: How the government shutdown could affect your health care (or not)
The Daily 202: Government shutdown foreshadows a 2018 of inaction and gridlock
4 big questions Congress must answer before it can end this shut down
White House voice mail blames Democrats for shutdown
Once-influential UKIP in chaos as leader refuses to quit
"Fugitive Puigdemont in Denmark, no Spanish warrant issued"
"Palestinian leader urges EU to recognize state, boost role"
Tillerson sees progress in fixing Iran deal with Europeans
"The Latest: In Israel, Pence calls Iran nuke deal 'disaster'"
"Bulgaria, Czech Republic calls for EU reforms on migrants"
This NASA spacecraft will get closer to the sun than any previous probe
Teachers grapple with forcing students to disconnect from technology
A lot of learning happens when teachers leave the classroom and visit homes
Study: Being around trees and other greenery may help teens stave off depression
"A mythic female director finally returns, with some pointed comments"
The Latest: Report: Turkey clashes with Kurds in east Syria
Polish gov't pressured to act following report on neo-Nazis
Russian court orders closure of Navalny's foundation
Czech police identify second German victim in hotel fire
Pence tells Israel US Embassy to move to Jerusalem in 2019
Trump slams Democrats as third day of government shutdown begins
The Energy 202: Ryan Zinke leads public relations charge during government shutdown
The Latest: UN ready to aid those fleeing Syria's Afrin
"Greek, Macedonian leaders to meet despite protests"
Liberia swears in ex-soccer star George Weah as new leader
Then and now: Trump and lawmakers on shutdowns
"Why Pence should listen to Christians in the Middle East, not just in the Bible Belt"
"John Coleman, Weather Channel founder who doubted manmade climate change, dies at 83"
The Latest: US blames Russia in suspected Syria gas attack
Former New Mexico Gov. Richardson meets with Myanmar leader
Rival student groups clash at elite Pakistan university
The Latest: Palestinians blast Pence speech in Israel
The Latest: Ex-Catalonia leader speaks at Danish panel
4 big questions Congress must answer before it can end this shutdown
Senators scramble to broker a deal to end government shutdown ahead of upcoming vote
The Founders hated excessive flattery. What would they think about the Trump administration?
Editor: Erdogan urged attack on Turkish Cypriot newspaper
Egypt says 2 policemen to stand trial over detainee's death
"Yemen rebels fire rockets at military parade, killing 7"
"Teens who spend less time in front of screens are happier - up to a point, new research shows"
"Hey, Mr. President: Where's the deal?"
McConnell urges senators to 'put this mess behind us'
South Korea went gaga over a North Korean singer. Just wait until the rest arrive.
The Latest: Toll from rebel shelling of Damascus reaches 9
Hong Kong bookseller detained again by Chinese authorities
Republican voters say 2 to 1 that Trump's Twitter habit hurts his presidency instead of helping it
Swiss police say 8 men stuck in Alpine cave for 2 more days
A boy's basketball-size tumor was slowly killing him. He died days after doctors removed it.
Manhunt after makeshift bomb explodes at small-town Florida mall
Survivors of Taliban attack on Kabul hotel recount ordeal
Ex-Catalan leader makes trip after Spain judge nixes arrest
"Pence, in AP interview, says the 'door's open' for the Palestinians to enter peace negotiations"
Suspect in London van attack on Muslims 'ticking time bomb'
The Latest: UN to brief Security Council on Syria
The Latest: EU concerned about Turkish operation in Syria
South Africa ruling party deciding if Zuma should step down
The Latest: Pence: Door open for Palestinians in peace deal
This new Trump book could do even more damage than Michael Wolff's. Here's why.
"The Latest: Christians, Yazidis fear Turkish attack in Syria"
Turkey's Erdogan vows to press offensive on U.S.-backed Kurds in Syria
Why Venezuela's government hasn't collapsed even though its economy has
"Senate poised to break budget impasse, paving way for government to reopen"
Shutdown day 3 brings progress 'by inches'
To ban or not to ban: Teachers grapple with forcing students to disconnect from technology
"Turkey's president vows to keep up offensive against U.S.-backed Kurds in Syria, rejects American calls for restraint"
Ecuador's president takes aim at WikiLeaks' Assange
Belgium reduces terror threat to level unseen since 2015
Pence defends Trump on disparaging comments about Africa
Eurozone looks to final stages of Greek bailout
"Pence defends Trump on comments disparaging Africa, says his 'heart' aimed at fair immigration system regardless of race"
"The Navy built a 'fast, agile' warship for $440M. It's been stuck in ice since Christmas Eve."
The most active volcano in the Philippines could be on the verge of a major eruption
Trump election fraud commission bought Texas election data flagging Hispanic voters
Schumer: 'We will vote today to reopen the government'
Republicans and Democrats reach agreement to end shutdown
NASA pulled this astronaut from a space station crew. Her brother blames racism.
The Latest: Tillerson says US discussing Syria security zone
"Russian Orthodox bishop assails Putin, won't vote for him"
Fighting rages amid Turkish push in Kurdish enclave in Syria
"Senate breaks budget impasse, paving way for government to reopen"
The last time women backed House Democrats so broadly? 2006.
Senate leaders reach agreement to end shutdown
Police evacuated a mall after finding 'pipe bombs.' The FBI says they were just flares.
Ohio man who trained with terrorists overseas and plotted to kill U.S. troops sentenced to 22 years
Energy and technology companies lead US stocks higher
Pence to Israel: US embassy will move to Jerusalem in 2019
Senate passes short-term spending bill
The missing ingredient in this shutdown that finally ended it: Trust
What destroyed Venezuela's economy could destroy ours too
Guards block French prisons as assault protest enters week 2
The Latest: Russian FM meets with Syria opposition leader
White women helped elect Trump. Now he's losing their support.
NASA mysteriously pulled this astronaut from a space station crew. Her brother blames racism.
"Fur and fury at 40,000 feet as more people bring animals on planes"
The Latest: Reporters criticize Israel's strip-search policy
Trump voting commission bought Texas election data flagging Hispanic voters
'An abuser and pervert': Women in Spain want a statue of Woody Allen removed
French president hosts 140 world business leaders
Democrats caved to end the shutdown. Just ask them.
Senate votes to end debate on short-term spending bill
Fla. police evacuated a mall after finding 'pipe bombs.' The FBI says they were just flares.
Zinke signs land-swap deal allowing road through Alaska's Izembek wilderness
UN readies aid as Turkey attacks Kurdish enclave in Syria
"Democrats caved on the shutdown, and they're admitting it"
Pence says US embassy will move to Jerusalem by end of 2019
Winners and losers of the government shutdown
Jared Kushner's father on probe into family company: 'We are not at all concerned'
Exercise and diet can help lower your risk of colon cancer
"One student wounded, 16-year-old boy in custody after school cafeteria shooting in Texas"
Are states doing enough to regulate for-profit colleges? This study says no.
Pope Francis apologizes for upsetting sex abuse survivors but stands by controversial bishop
A plane fills with pets devastated by Puerto Rico's hurricane. Sad and funny all at once.
Office Plants and Beer Specials : the government closed and things got weird.
Pennsylvania's Supreme Court just gave Democrats a big win on redistricting
"The Latest: Israel PM praises Pence speech, approach to Iran"
The politics of the shutdown may be affected by some people's not knowing it happened
VP defends Trump over vulgar remarks on African immigrants
Mexico federal prosecutors take on Chihuahua corruption case
Senate poised to vote to end shutdown
"The Navy built a 'fast, agile' warship for $440 million. It's been stuck in ice since Christmas Eve."
"ICE detains Polish doctor, a green-card holder who has lived in U.S. for nearly 40 years"
Women are now a majority of entering medical students nationwide
"Centipedes eat animals 15 times their size thanks to this powerful toxin, study finds"
Five people missing after explosion at Oklahoma drilling site
"While Yellowstone's staff was furloughed, a snowmobiler got way too close to Old Faithful"
"In lawsuits, same-sex couples say U.S. wrongly denied their children citizenship"
Leader of Britain's rightist UKIP struggles to save his job - and the populist party
Why women could sway the 2018 midterms
The shutdown ends with Trump on the sidelines. Here's why.
"A technology many hoped would fight climate change would cause even bigger environmental problems, scientists say"
AP Explains: Turkey's 'Operation Olive Branch' in Afrin
The Latest: 1 Turkish soldier killed in Afrin operation
"Saudi Arabia, answering critics, announces new measures to ease Yemen's humanitarian crisis"
Vandals attack another church in Chile after Pope visit
High-elevation corruption: The decay of a vital Afghan mountain trade route
"Germany, France pass resolution for new friendship treaty"
Watchdog group files complaint against Trump campaign over reported payout to Stormy Daniels
A German nurse was convicted of murdering two patients. Police say he killed 97 more.
Head of Britain's right-wing UKIP fights to save his job - and the populist party
The Latest: France tells UN that Syria is at 'a crossroads'
"This big new idea for stopping climate change would cause even bigger problems, scientists say"
Ecuador's president calls Julian Assange 'more than a nuisance'
"Puerto Rico to privatize its troubled state-owned power company following decades of mismanagement, corruption"
"Environmental, community groups mourn killing of activist"
Greece: Protest of squatted building arson brings tear gas
"Senate votes to end shutdown, sending House a short-term spending bill to fund government through Feb. 8"
Americans broadly embrace the Democratic immigration position - but are divided on Trump's crackdown
Anti-Trump protest in Haiti temporarily shuts US Embassy
"George Papadopoulos is the 'John Dean' of the Russia investigation, his fiancee says"
Latino activists and lawmakers critical of reopening government without 'dreamer' solution
Puerto Rico to privatize island's troubled power company
How Trump aides are driving immigration policy
How Democrats caved on the shutdown standoff
High-elevation corruption: A vital Afghan mountain trade route falls into decay
"Turkey's president vows to keep up offensive against U.S.-backed Kurds in Syria, rejects calls for restraint"
"House votes to end government shutdown, sending legislation to Trump"
Democrats take heat from the left over shutdown-ending deal that didn't address DACA
Senate votes to end shutdown
Head of Britain's right-wing UKIP fights to save his job - and the party itself - after his partner's racist texts
Puerto Rico moves to privatize troubled power company
Congress votes to end shutdown
Another Trump book illustrates a White House in chaos
UN blames leadership and inaction for peacekeeper killings
