Paul Manafort co-defendant's attorneys leaving defense team in Mueller probe
Editor: Guatemalan journalist found dead in cane field
"Trump to approve release of GOP memo Friday over objections from law enforcement, intelligence community"
Trump praises his wife's Aflac commercial
"Cities, states work to clear marijuana convictions, calling it a states' rights issue"
"For men in the #MeToo era, the 'Mike Pence rule' is the easy way out"
Texas to execute man who killed his young daughters while their mother was on speaker phone
He married six undocumented women from Africa. And it wasn't for love.
Listen to this 14-year-old orca say hello and bye-bye
Adam Schiff and Devin Nunes: From 'bromance' to bitter adversaries
"A truck driver inexplicably plowed over a 2,000-year-old site in Peru, damaging the designs"
"How a 1,000-pound bomb from World War II was pulled out of the ground without exploding"
Nunes memo centers on a 40-year-old law written to prevent surveillance abuses
"A truck driver inexplicably plowed over a 2,000-year-old historical site in Peru, damaging the designs"
Cuban state media say Fidel Castro's eldest son has killed himself
North Korea says US actions threaten inter-Korean relations
'Never any hesitation': Trump was quickly persuaded to support memo's release
"U.S. 'taking steps' to prevent future Russian election interference, Haley says"
McConnell urges Mississippi governor to consider Cochran Senate seat
What Trump means by 'merit-based immigration system'
Trump says Democrats are 'AWOL' on immigration
"Humane Society keeps CEO after sexual harassment complaints, prompting seven board members to resign"
A teen stabbed her friend to impress 'Slender Man' - and will spend 40 years in a mental hospital
Monitor raises questions about successor to Corinthian Colleges
"Trump says community colleges should be called 'vocational' schools. Um, they aren't the same thing."
The truth about Groundhog Day: Punxsutawney Phil is 131-year-old fake news
Treating men like idiots is the wrong way to stop sexual harassment
"Very old, very sophisticated tools found in India. The question is: Who made them?"
Rise of 'morality schools' for Chinese women sparks outcry
Cuba state media: Fidel Castro's son has killed himself
Trump to meet with North Korean defectors in Oval Office in bid to raise pressure on Kim Jong Un
"Ruth Bader Ginsburg: 'As long as I can do the job full steam, I will be here'"
Sanitation workers commemorate strike that was followed by Martin Luther King's assassination
Vietnam jails blogger for anti-state propaganda
"Guatemalan journalist, radio worker found dead in cane field"
Chinese state media report 18 people hospitalized after SUV plows into pedestrians in downtown Shanghai
Joe Arpaio pleads ignorance after recent interview with anti-Semitic weekly. It was his fifth.
Texas executes man who killed his young daughters while their mother was on speaker phone
The Latest: Police believe Shanghai crash was accidental
"Shanghai police believe minivan crash was accident and not attack, say driver was smoking while transporting gas tanks"
January was hottest month ever recorded in New Zealand
The Latest: Maldives opposition demands prisoners' release
Van carrying gas tanks plows into pedestrians in Shanghai
"Most Iranians feel Trump's comments in support of protesters didn't help, poll finds"
"Fidel Castro's eldest son, a bookish nuclear scientist, commits suicide"
The Latest: Maldives capital quiet after political clashes
Van strikes people in Shanghai crash police say was accident
AP PHOTOS: Cuba skateboarders find new place to rip and roll
US diplomat: Utah man jailed in Venezuela blocks dialogue
A right-wing government turns the past into a weapon
Authorities call off search for survivors from Pacific ferry
"Still a trickle, but refugees sick of exile return to Syria"
Hot heads or cold feet? North Korea's mixed Olympic messages
Van carrying gas tanks injures 18 in Shanghai crash
AP Explains: What's behind the turmoil in the Maldives
Van carrying gas canisters injures 18 in Shanghai crash
Kevin McCarthy's stint as a small-business entrepreneur
AP Interview: Ksenia Sobchak makes Russian election glitter
Philippines: 3 deaths may be linked to dengue vaccinations
Aussie anti-gay marriage opponent attends same-sex wedding
The Latest: Maldives opposition vows more protests
AirAsia to crew Aceh flights with men only after hijab rule
"Rwanda, Uganda trade claims over treatment of refugees"
The Latest: Ex-Maldives leader: Free political prisoners
"Exiled ex-president of Maldives tells AP that government must abide by Supreme Court ruling, free political prisoners"
China slams US lawmakers for nominating activists for prize
The Latest: 90 migrants feared drowned off Libyan coast
"Incumbent, leftist in Cyprus presidential election rematch"
Turkey: Rocket attacks from Syrian enclave wound 9 people
"The memo, the dossier and the political weaponization of misinformation"
A Texas man vowed to forgive whoever killed most of his family. Then he learned it was his son.
Possible deal between Vatican and China alarms many Catholics
"In Italy, Facebook will have fact checkers 'hunting' for fake news for the first time"
Refugee athletes captivated the world at the Olympics. But many returned to a life of despair.
Afghan president slams Pakistan for harboring Taliban
UN: 90 migrants feared drowned after boat capsizes off Libya
The Latest: Migrants removed from Serbian capital's streets
India urges Maldives to respect Supreme Court ruling
Cambodian Cabinet endorses law outlawing insulting king
Afghan forces uncover IS hideout house in Kabul district
Trump escalates attacks on FBI leadership. This time claiming agency favored Democrats over Republicans.
Trump's plan to use VA firing practices at other agencies threatens civil service workers - and the public
Larry Nassar attorney questions how he could have abused all his accusers
Groundhog Day 2018: Punxsutawney Phil spots shadow and forecasts six more weeks of winter
Ryan Anderson's book calling transgender people mentally ill is creating an uproar
A new report says Hispanic identity is fading. Is that really good for America?
"For Tom Brady, football has become religion. No, really."
Isolation is rising in Europe. Can loneliness ministers help change that?
"Greek court refuses to extradite Turkish man, citing risks"
WADA says CAS ruling creates 'very chaotic' situation
Russian ex-governor gets 8-year prison sentence
Kenya's top TV stations still off the air amid crackdown
South Africa's Zuma faces another no confidence vote Feb. 22
The Daily 202: Is Mitt Romney the future or the past of the Republican Party?
The Finance 202: Trump administration is winning the war on the CFPB
"The Health 202: New HHS head faces pressure from Republicans, too"
Joe Arpaio pleads ignorance after giving interview to anti-Semitic weekly. It was his fifth.
"'Well, hi, Mary Jean': Texas man taunts his ex-wife during his execution"
"Egypt bulldozes zone by Sinai airport, displacing thousands"
Man who attacked London Muslims imprisoned for over 40 years
Russian court keeps Norwegian man in jail on spying charges
France opens rape inquiry of Islamic scholar Tariq Ramadan
EU worried about erosion of rule of law in Turkey
The Energy 202: Sierra Club sues EPA over FOIA request on FOIA requests
What if the memo is 'a dud'?
"Fidel Castro's son, a bookish nuclear scientist, commits suicide"
N. Korea Olympic skaters begin training in South; 1 injured
The Latest: Pakistan: 11 citizens killed in migrant tragedy
"The black unemployment rate spiked in January, muddling Trump's message"
Did Trump just reveal the real reason this memo was written?
NTSB: Amtrak engineer activated emergency brake before train hit garbage truck
Mexicans living abroad send home a record $28.8 billion
Turkey: Rocket attacks from Syrian enclave kill 2
AP Interview: Celebrity injects glamour in Russian election
Cambodian Cabinet endorses amendment banning insulting king
The Trump White House's laughable spin that releasing the Nunes memo is all about 'transparency'
Sean Hannity personifies Trump's TV presidency
Afghan President Ghani tells country that Pakistan was behind recent deadly attacks
Putin suggests he will work on a farm if he loses election
Hundreds stuck in DR airport after airline suspended
Vatican nixes former Irish president from Women's Day event
"Polish PM: Holocaust bill needed, but timing wasn't good"
Trump: 'It's a disgrace what's happening in our country'
Fox News's role in the 'Release the Memo' campaign
Trump meets with North Korean defectors in Oval Office in bid to raise pressure on Kim Jong Un
Exotic dancers march in New Orleans to protest crackdown on strip clubs
Exotic dancers march on the streets to protest crackdown on New Orleans strip clubs
Ryan Anderson's book against transgenderism is creating an uproar
'Wash your stinking hands!': ER nurse rants about 'cesspool of funky flu'
GOP memo criticizing FBI surveillance is released
"Nigel, the world's loneliest bird, dies next to the concrete decoy he loved"
Militant hideout found in Afghan capital shows security woes
Putin marks Stalingrad surrender as tribute to Russian grit
"Turkey: Tax office blast caused by bomb, attacker killed"
Myanmar government denies report of mass graves
How important is Carter Page to the Russia investigation?
Republicans hyped the Nunes memo. Then they dumped it on the Friday before the Super Bowl.
A 'winning' presidency for Trump is one with no compromising
The Trump White House's laughable spin that the release the Nunes memo is all about 'transparency'
Trump welcomes North Korean escapees to the White House
"Boeing lands major missile defense contract, as threat from N. Korea intensifies"
"11,000 disabled student veterans left without rent and expense money due to computer glitch"
Ryan Anderson's book on transgender people is creating an uproar
5 killed in unexplained crash of French military helicopters
UN chief: Denuclearization of Korean peninsula is objective
"Iranian lawmaker say 5,000 arrested during January protests"
UN says Libya's Tawergha families barred from returning home
6 key takeaways from the GOP memo alleging FBI bias in the Russia investigation
Release of disputed GOP memo on FBI surveillance unleashes waves of recrimination
"Pentagon unveils new nuclear weapons strategy, ending Obama-era push to reduce U.S. arsenal"
The Louvre is showing Nazi-looted art in a bid to find its owners. Some wonder why it took so long.
Avalanche kills 3 Indian army soldiers in Kashmir
Myanmar government denies AP report of Rohingya mass graves
"N. Korea Olympic skaters begin training in South, 1 injured"
Putin marks Stalingrad victory as tribute to Russian grit
Fidel Castro's son mourned in Cuba after suicide
Congressional GOP a bit more optimistic after roller-coaster year
"A timeline of the Nunes memo, with additional context"
Sentence buried in GOP memo may undercut Trump efforts to discredit Russia probe
"If Trump wants to use this memo to fire Rosenstein, he'd have a lot more explaining to do"
Clash between migrant groups in French port city leaves 22 injured
Mexico: Relationship with US closer than assumed
Vote in Ecuador turns into heated showdown on term limits
RNC says it raised $1.56 million from State of the Union fundraiser
"If Trump wants to use this memo to fire Rosenstein, he will have a lot more explaining to do"
Lawmakers react to release of GOP memo
North Korean defectors visited the Oval Office. The move could provoke North Korea.
Poland reckons with unintended consequences as Holocaust bill kicks up a storm
Finnish President Niinisto announces the birth of a son
French charge scholar Tariq Ramadan with suspected rape
Tunisian media protest pressure to whitewash police actions
The memo's description of a supposedly key news report is wrong
Partisanship is shaping people's views on the GOP memo
Indiana wins federal permission to adopt Medicaid work requirements
This flu season's hospitalizations are highest in nearly a decade
K.T. McFalrand withdraws nomination to be Trump's ambassador to Singapore
Dubai's got everything else. Why not a floating burger joint?
Memo points to FBI's ongoing interest in former Trump adviser Carter Page
Trump's favorite indicator of his success just took a beating
Many doctors are wary of medical marijuana. And Jeff Sessions hasn't helped.
"Cellphone radiation study finds mixed effects in rodents, without clear implications for human health"
Woodpeckers show possible brain damage like that in football players
"A woman charged the cockpit, then bit a flight attendant as she was being duct-taped, feds say"
The Confederate flag resurged. The KKK burned a cross. Racial tensions flared in a Southern town.
K.T. McFarland withdraws nomination to be Trump's ambassador to Singapore
Justice Department official overseeing Mueller and Russia probe under increasing pressure
Spain extradites suspect thought to be spam kingpin to US
Researchers find thousands of Maya structures in Guatemala
