Republicans vote to release memo alleging FBI missteps while surveilling Trump campaign operative
Schiff says GOP lawmakers are investigating FBI and Justice Department
Names of campaign donors to be flashed during live stream of Trump's State of the Union speech
House committee votes to release memo alleging missteps by FBI in Russia probe
UN chief met Sudan's president who is accused of genocide
"Ahead of State of the Union, Democrats are united against Trump - but not on impeachment"
"The rise of David Bowdich, the former sniper in line to become the FBI's new deputy director"
How a classified four-page Russia memo triggered a political firestorm
White House says there's no need for new Russia sanctions
UN says progress possible on Greece-Macedonia name dispute
Republicans vote to release memo alleging FBI missteps in surveillance of Trump campaign operative
Chief executive officer leaves DNC
Nikki Haley is no stranger to politicizing music
Airstrikes pummel Syrian rebel area as opposition boycotts Russian-sponsored talks
Floods peak in Paris as France sees worst rains in 50 years
Seoul: North Korea cancels pre-Olympic joint cultural event
Chief executive Jess O'Connell leaves the DNC
Significant ash falls near erupting Philippine volcano
Chris Christie's moment in the sun continues - at ABC News
"AP Interview: Chinese editor Hu Shuli steps aside, not down"
AP PHOTOS: Brazil samba school argues slavery still exists
Aussie military says tracking app doesn't breach security
Pakistani official says rescued French climber returns home
"A year in, how did President Trump's proposals fare?"
How anti-feminism is shaping world politics
Macau casino regulators look into allegations against Wynn
Cambodian court denies bail for Australian who filmed rally
A teacher called members of the military 'the lowest of our low.' People were furious.
Turkey detains medics for speaking against Syria offensive
"Yemen PM to flee, separatists seize Aden presidential palace"
President Trump's 2017 proposals to Congress: What flopped and what succeeded
"U.S. companies complain of unfair treatment in China, want pressure but not war"
Kenya awaits opposition leader's 'swearing in'
"63M women, girls missing due to India's preference for boys"
Israel gradually reopens embassy in Jordan after end of spat
Israel gradually reopens embassy in Jordan after spat ended
Catalan chamber postpones investiture of new regional chief until Spain allows re-election of fugitive ex-president
Kenya gov't turns off TV stations airing opposition event
The Latest: Russia says its Syria meeting in Sochi delayed
"Spain PM urges Catalonia to opt for ""clean candidate"""
Swedes charge Uzbek man with terrorism in truck attack
"Groups aligned with Senate Democrats raise $31.8 million in 2017, edging out GOP counterparts"
Will Trump's tariffs help him with his voters?
South Africa's president-in-waiting talks tough on graft
Thousands gather in Kenya for opposition 'swearing in' event
Russian speedskater refuses IOC invitation to Olympics
Heavy ash fall from Philippine volcano halts motorists
"French men denounce predators, support #metoo movement"
Afghan clerical council condemns wave of deadly attacks
"State of the Union gives Trump the chance to 'act presidential,' at least for a night"
Nine questions about President Trump's businesses and possible conflicts of interest
"Vatican seeks to drop bishops opposed by Beijing, raising fears of appeasement"
The plan to repatriate Rohingya refugees leads to fears of new dangers
Russian fighter plane buzzes U.S. Navy jet as fears over midair collisions mount
"A look at prominent Russians on White House's ""Putin list"""
Russia-sponsored Syria meeting starts in Sochi
Activists: Gov't attacks kill civilians in northern Myanmar
The Latest: Spain welcomes postponing Catalonia vote
"What happened to the State of the Union address? Originally, it helped the president and Congress deliberate."
Breaking down Trump's much-praised 2017 address to Congress: Where we stand today
Trump's first address to Congress remains the best media moment of his presidency. It didn't last long.
Why we should be skeptical of the GOP memo criticizing the FBI
A teacher called members of the military 'the lowest of our low.' The video made people furious.
Chicago Sun-Times sidelines film critic Richard Roeper for allegedly buying Twitter followers
Pentagon survey details effects of climate change on military sites
"Toronto police charge landscaper as serial killer, find human remains in flower pots"
Cape Town's water cut-off date estimated to be April 16
Saudi authorities net $106 billion in corruption settlements
The Latest: Aid group: Strike kills 5 at hospital in Syria
The Latest: Kenya opposition leader in mock 'inauguration'
The Health 202: Hill Republicans and CBO go another round after Obamacare fight
The Daily 202: Koch network laying groundwork to fundamentally transform America's education system
Why did Republicans become so opposed to immigration? Hint: It's not because there's more nativism.
Why we might want to be skeptical of the GOP memo criticizing the FBI
The Finance 202: Choose your news on the tax law: Boom or Bust?
"On ITT and the Education Department, no more excuses"
Thousands of Kenyan opposition supporters gather to 'swear in' their candidate
The Latest: Turkey says 5 soldiers killed in Syria's Afrin
Stepped up violence alternately claimed by IS and Taliban
Kenyan opposition leader 'sworn in' as event called treason
"Facing US cuts, UN seeks $800 million for Palestinians"
"US, Australia scientists win Japan Prize for immunology work"
Report: Nigeria military kills dozens amid communal violence
The Energy 202: Trump keeps saying the U.S. may stay in the Paris climate accord. And the media keeps believing him.
"Sri Lanka journalists remember killed, abducted colleagues"
Putin says Russia hopes to turn page on doping at Olympics
"The Latest: Rocket strikes Turkish border town, no injuries"
EU warns of legal action over air quality standards
Andrew McCabe could be a bigger headache for Trump outside the FBI than he was inside
The Trump administration's weird explanation for withholding Russia sanctions
Kremlin reacts with anger and ridicule to Treasury list of influential Russians
Kenya's Raila Odinga is 'sworn in' as president in big opposition rally
Macedonia seizes large cannabis load amid trafficking spike
Austria chancellor backs Visegrad nations on migrant quotas
Irish health minister defends abortion ban referendum
Yemen PM prepares to flee Aden as separatists advance
"French nursing home workers protest job shortages, cost cuts"
RNC chair: Group will return Wynn's donations only if allegations of sexual misconduct prove true
'They treated my kids' health insurance like it was a game': The battle over CHIP
N. Korean diplomat accuses White House of seeking confrontation at the Olympics
The Democratic lawmakers boycotting Trump's first State of the Union
"A man killed a couple with a knife, shot their baby and buried them all in the woods, police say"
Saudi Arabia releases most detainees in corruption probe after settlements totaling nearly $107 billion
North Korea's push for ski resorts reveals its hopes for a life after isolation
Pope sends sex crimes expert to Chile to investigate bishop
German coalition talks break impasse on migrants' relatives
Manchester Arena concert attack thief handed prison sentence
The Latest: Kenya names opposition movement a criminal group
Kenya names opposition movement an organized criminal group after symbolic 'swearing-in'
Ryan defends release of memo on alleged surveillance abuses but warns against tying it to Mueller probe
Democrats to bring Dreamers and sexual assault victims as guests to Trump's first SOTU address
"FDA wants to curb abuse of Imodium, 'the poor man's methadone'"
"TSA hauls in nearly 4,000 guns in a year at U.S. airport checkpoints"
U.S. firms want Trump administration to press China for more level playing field
U.S. delegation chased out of Bethlehem: 'You are not welcome anymore'
Separatists advance on presidential palace in southern Yemen
Michelin allows top French chef to relinquish stars
Russia opens Syria talks boycotted by main opposition
Yemen's war within a war: What does new fighting mean?
A complete timeline of the events behind the memo that threatens to rip D.C. in two
"The Treasury Dept. copied from Forbes magazine, which Trump once said 'doesn't know what they're talking about'"
"TSA confiscated nearly 4,000 guns at airport checkpoints in 2017"
Vatican chides Hong Kong cardinal over China disclosures
Egypt coalition calls for boycott of March vote
Israelis protesting pending deportation of African migrants
Israel condemns Irish bill banning goods from occupied lands
Top congressional Republicans often mercurial in dealing with Trump
"Republicans draw a very fine line between Steve Wynn and Harvey Weinstein, while keeping Wynn's money"
"The Treasury Department copied from Forbes magazine, which Trump once said 'doesn't know what they're talking about'"
Democrats to bring 'dreamers' and sexual assault victims as guests to Trump's first SOTU address
"Perspective: No, 'they' didn't start calling it 'climate change' because warming stopped"
Afghan peace prospects dim as outrage grows over Taliban violence
The Latest: Russia says Syrians will draft new constitution
French authorities look for Quiksilver CEO in Atlantic
Congressman calls for police to arrest undocumented immigrants at State of the Union
Disagreement on North Korea policy derails White House choice for ambassador to South Korea
Democrat running against Ryan will attend State of the Union
"Even if Trump is blatantly ignoring the Russia sanctions law, there's not a lot Congress can do about it"
"Chris Christie is now a pundit, and he is actually worth watching"
Todd Ricketts expected to be named Republican Party finance chairman
Schumer criticizes Trump over visit of Russian intelligence official
"If Trump's hoping to woo America in his speech, we have some bad news"
"Hawaii's false missile alert sent by a worker who thought an attack was imminent, FCC says"
Gov. John Engler expected to be named Michigan State's interim president in wake of Nassar scandal
The radical - but gentle - faith of Mister Rogers
A Calif. bill would jail people for handing out straws. It may be based on a child's research.
Here's where clouds could interfere with seeing the super blue blood moon
"Use of financial aid continues to grow, though fewer students are borrowing for college"
A couple returned from vacation with itchy feet. Hookworms were tunneling through their skin.
"Non-citizens won't be hired as census-takers in 2020, staff is told"
A stunning solar eclipse visits the moon Wednesday during the lunar eclipse on Earth
Anxious about climate change? There's a cow-farting-methane emoji for that.
Uber is giving Cincinnati a glimpse at the data so many cities covet
This chemist is unlocking the secrets of alchemy
'Should I freeze my eggs?': One woman's emotional journey to take charge of her own fertility
'There is only one Bob Stump': Arizona politicians' families spar over same name
'The Kremlin List': Why Russian oligarchs shrugged
"Russian-backed peace talks endorse future path for Syria, but opposition and Kurds stay away"
Russian fighter jet buzzes U.S. Navy plane as fears over midair collisions mount
Russia's Syria talks end with plan to draft new constitution
"The Latest: Turkey says convoy attacked in Syria, 1 killed"
Husband of woman whose slaying inspired marches confesses
Rio urges Carnival visitors to stick to urban areas
Cyprus party refuses to back candidate in presidential race
"UN condemns violence, extends sanctions on CAfrican Republic"
"Many federal contractors, including the least paid, won't suffer from shutdown, unlike last time"
Here are prewritten State of the Union analyses for you to tweet and share
Rep. Paul Gosar wants 'illegal aliens' arrested at the State of the Union. That likely won't help the GOP with Latinos.
Democrat running against Paul Ryan will attend State of the Union
What is the Russia memo?
"Hawaii's false missile alert was sent by worker with troubled history who thought an attack was imminent, officials say"
Internal Justice Department probe eyes McCabe's role in final weeks of 2016 election
"U.S. can destroy 'most' of N. Korea's nuclear missile infrastructure, top general says"
The temperature in Siberia warmed more than 100 degrees in two weeks
"In Yemen, southern separatists seize strategic port city, further splintering country"
Police reinforce Mexican tourist cities after violence
Trump's steep challenge in his first State of the Union address: uniting a fractured country
Trump says he wants to heal the nation's divide - though perhaps not as large a divide as during Clinton's impeachment
Names of campaign donors to be flashed during live-stream of Trump's State of the Union speech
Rep. Paul Gosar wants 'illegal aliens' arrested at the State of the Union. That probably won't help the GOP with Latinos.
"'Fits neatly inside a lizard's cloaca': Scientists are leaving Amazon reviews, and it's amazing"
"Hawaii's false missile alert sent by troubled worker who thought an attack was imminent, officials say"
The temperature in Siberia rose more than 100 degrees in two weeks
"Russian-backed peace talks endorse path for Syria, but opposition and Kurds stay away"
The Latest: UN envoy welcomes effort for new Syria charter
Israeli criticism sparks anti-Jewish remarks in Polish media
The Latest: Ex-leader of Catalonia urges unity among backers
Partisanship means never having to say you're sorry
Lawmakers weigh in on release of classified surveillance memo
"Elon Musk's flamethrower 'incredibly insensitive' in fire-ravaged California, lawmaker says."
A woman tried to board a plane with her emotional-support peacock. United wouldn't let it fly.
DEA launches new crackdown on pharmacies and opioid over-prescribers
Husband charged with murder in French jogger's death
