A new bipartisan immigration plan surfaces in the Senate - and Trump labels it a 'total waste of time'
GOP-allied groups heavily outspend Democrats in special Pennsylvania election
"Watch Trump's full speech in Blue Ash, Ohio"
Trump suggests that the black lawmakers who didn't applaud his SOTU speech were treasonous
Scientists may have discovered the first planets outside the Milky Way
The Yale professor and the severed-head selfie
The Latest: 2 of Maldives' 4 supreme court justices arrested
Police in the Maldives say 2 of the country's 4 supreme court justices have been arrested amid political crisis
"Puerto Rico's gov seeks charter schools, raises for teachers"
"Guatemala arrests 28, including 9 police, in crime ring bust"
Watch Trump boast about the stock market
"The Arctic is full of toxic mercury, and climate change is going to release it"
Man shot dead at protest over Honduras' disputed election
"Former leader, 2 Supreme Court judges arrested in Maldives"
US says it's 'shameful' UN denies accrediting rights groups
The writing is on the wall for Trump to back down from a substantial Mueller interview
'We need to win': Uber-Waymo trial reveals cutthroat race to control future of transportation
"NTSB: Amtrak engineer sounded horn, applied emergency brake in S.C. crash"
'Nick is the real deal': The Christian faith of Super Bowl MVP quarterback Nick Foles
"And now, online teacher training for active shooters in schools, courtesy of the Department of Homeland Security"
The judge Trump disparaged as 'Mexican' will preside over an important border wall case
"May responds to Trump's criticism of Britain's health service, says she is 'proud' of it"
"House Republicans eye defense spending boost, complicating plan to avoid second shutdown"
"The Latest: Britain, Aust. urge Maldives to end emergency"
ASEAN foreign ministers discuss smart cities at retreat
Woman rescued from Indonesia landslide after 13 hours
China says mid-course missile interceptor test successful
"'There's genuine carnage out there': Asian markets tumble early, mirroring Dow's decline"
Pence does not rule out meeting with North Korea during Asia trip
Trump's nuclear policy is taking us back to the Cold War
First Afghan female coders bring it on: Fight against Opium
"Saudi Arabia, at war with Yemen rebels, sends aid to nation"
The Latest: Amnesty warns Maldives against suppression
North Korean cheering group to arrive in South for Olympics
Ex-leader wants India to intervene to free Maldives judges
Militant escapes from Indian police custody in Kashmir
China says senior foreign policy adviser to meet Tillerson
Indian fake doctor infects 21 with HIV with tainted syringes
Turkish soldier killed in attack in Syria's Idlib province
President Trump cries 'fake news' and the world follows
"'There's genuine carnage out there': Asian markets tumble, mirroring Dow decline"
Israeli troops kill Palestinian suspect in settler's killing
Polish president to announce decision on Holocaust bill
Seoul recommends probe of abuses at vagrants' facility
Hong Kong top court overturns prison sentences for activists
"German union, employers reach wage deal following strikes"
Macron visits Corsica amid growing influence of nationalists
Trump sexual harassment accuser is running for political office
"Amtrak engineer sounded horn, applied emergency brake before fatal crash in S.C., investigators say"
"'There's genuine carnage out there': Global markets tumble, mirroring Dow decline"
Vietnam jails activist for livestreaming pollution march
British judge to rule on Assange bid to get warrant dropped
UK will consider pardons for convicted suffragettes
The Latest: At least 3 killed in rebel-held Syrian province
Polish president asks constitutional court to make final ruling on disputed Holocaust speech bill
EU's Juncker warns Balkans hopefuls to fix border disputes
Syrian opposition activists: At least 16 people killed in new airstrikes on Damascus suburb of Eastern Ghouta
The Latest: Russia asks Turkey for help over jet in Syria
Q&#038;A for federal workers: Incentive payments
There's a big problem with how the census measures race
10 key questions about the ethical issues surrounding President Trump's company
A gruesome murder. A hate-filled shooting spree. And a reckoning with immigration before Italy votes.
"German wage deal to lift pay, enable more flexible hours"
"Maldives leader says Supreme Court order was ""coup"""
The Latest: Iran's Rouhani criticizes Turkey's push in Syria
Uganda: Donors threaten refugee aid cuts over alleged abuses
The Latest: Polish president to sign Holocaust bill
"'One big boom': Whether SpaceX's maiden Falcon Heavy launch is a success or failure, Elon Musk says it's going to be a show"
Polish president to sign Holocaust bill despite international concerns
Philippines wants foreign research ships out of its waters
Thai construction magnate arrested for hunting in sanctuary
Paris attacks suspect Abdeslam refuses to reappear in court
Rare dinosaur discovery in Egypt could signal more finds
Boeing announces over $900 million in orders at Singapore
Boeing announces over $900 million in orders at air show
The Daily 202: Why Trump flippantly accusing Democrats of 'treason' is not a laughing matter
The Energy 202: Debate over Bikini Atoll money comes to Congress
"Trump was speaking 'tongue in cheek' when he said Democrats were 'treasonous,' spokesman says"
Trump keeps flip-flopping on an interview with Mueller
The Finance 202: Is Trump driving the stock market selloff?
GOP senator at odds with Interior Department over a tiny Pacific island chain
Newlyweds who lost their legs in Boston Marathon bombing find surprising way to heal
Poland wants to outlaw blaming Poles for Nazi atrocities. But what about the Jedwabne massacre?
The Latest: Jewish American leader criticizes Polish law
French police detain 27 during raid at migrant camp
Kenyan opposition politician charged over mock inauguration
Polish president to sign controversial Holocaust bill
The Health 202: Everyone suddenly wants to fund community health centers
Carter Page's explanation for having claimed to be an 'informal advisor' to the Kremlin isn't great
All she has to do to collect a $560 million lotto jackpot is make her name public. She is refusing.
'There's genuine carnage out there': Global markets tumble as Dow opens down
I'm a veteran and a former teacher. An educator's rant against the military is a symptom of this larger problem.
Japanese Princess Mako's wedding postponed until 2020
Top global banking official warns of virtual currency risks
The Latest: Turkey says Sec of State Tillerson to visit
British judge upholds arrest warrant for Julian Assange
Egypt to investigate those calling for vote boycott
Mercedes in China apologizes for quoting Dalai Lama abroad
"Nunes: Actually, Clinton was the real colluder"
Carter Page confirms he called himself an 'informal advisor' to Russia's government - but let him explain
"Sen. Tammy Duckworth: I swore an oath to the Constitution, not to clap when Trump demands"
"Stocks level after early dive, morning of sharp swings"
Greek court postpones decision in Turkish extradition case
Prosecutor asks for prison terms in Paris terror trial
South Africa's embattled president won't give key speech
The Latest: Turkey calls on US troop withdrawal from Manbij
Female genital mutilation continues as change comes slowly
Spending plan remains unsettled as clock ticks toward shutdown deadline
The amateur administration
Hillary Clinton is subject of 'The Unmaking of the President' and Georgetown book party
White House Chief of Staff: Trump not expected to extend DACA deadline
Mnuchin says stock markets 'are functioning very well'
Mnuchin asks Congress to raise the debt ceiling
Trump uses Edwin Jackson's death to call for tougher stance on illegal immigration
"British suffragettes from 100 years ago are hailed as heroes, yet the government still considers them criminals"
WikiLeaks founder Assange loses legal bid to quash British arrest warrant
EU warns Balkans hopefuls no entry until disputes resolved
Polish president to sign law barring some Holocaust speech
The Latest: Syria agency reports shells kill 3 in Damascus
House prohibits sexual relationships between lawmakers and their staffers
Devin Nunes and the big Carter Page contradiction
Did the White House coordinate on the Nunes memo? Both sides are being cagey.
What will Democrats' rebuttal to the GOP FBI memo say? A few guesses.
Why car horns and other common loud noises may be bad for your heart
Newlyweds who lost their legs in Boston Marathon bombing have found a surprising way to heal
A girl was found alive on a snowy mountain where 15 Syrians died. Who was she?
WikiLeaks founder Assange loses latest legal bid to quash British arrest warrant
"Stocks largely level after early dive, morning of sharp swings"
"In a new wave of the air war in Afghanistan, the B-52 bomber sets a record"
North Korea says Trump is 'dolt-like' and compares talk of 'bloody nose' strike to Iraq War buildup
Strong earthquake rattles east coast of Taiwan
The Latest: Polish president signs Holocaust speech law
Snow forces Eiffel Tower closure as bad weather hits France
AP Explains: How past wounds fuel debate over Polish law
The Latest: Supreme Court annuls order releasing politicians
The U.S. Geological Survey says a magnitude 6.4 earthquake has struck near the coast of Taiwan
Kelly: 'I doubt very much' that Trump would extend DACA deadline
Kelly: Trump is 'the champion' of DACA recipients
Kelly: 'Dreamers' who didn't sign up for DACA were 'too afraid' or 'too lazy'
Is the VA motto outdated and sexist?
'You're disseminating child porn and that's a felony': Abuse video goes viral on Facebook amid attempt to identify a suspect
Is the VA motto outdated and sexist? The head of the Iraq and Afghanistan veterans group thinks so.
This civil servant was tormented for sending Hawaii's panic-inducing missile alert. Wrong guy.
Why car horns and other common loud noises might be bad for your heart
"Bowing to pressure from China, Mercedes-Benz apologizes for quoting the Dalai Lama in ad"
"In a new wave of the Afghanistan air war, the B-52 bomber sets a record"
UN experts: Islamic State militants still pose world threat
The Latest: Toll from airstrikes near Damascus rises to 45
Maldives high court annuls order freeing jailed politicians
Trump: 'Let's have a shutdown' if Congress doesn't reach immigration deal
McConnell calls Trump's immigration plan 'generous'
McConnell 'optimistic' about funding deal and immigration debate
The Nunes memo is looking like a bust for Trump
Trump: 'I think the Democrats don't want to make a deal' on immigration
Cardin: 'There is no military solution to North Korea'
Lawmakers weigh in on whether Trump should meet with the special counsel
Martha McSally 'Deployed'- Campaign 2018
Mikie Sherrill: 'Grandfather' - Campaign 2018
Is the Veterans Affairs motto outdated and sexist?
"In a new wave of the Afghanistan air war, U.S. strikes a little-known militant group"
Rebel areas pounded by Syrian forces despite cease-fire call
French judge orders jail for Islamic scholar in rape cases
The Latest: Duda: Polish Holocaust law may be hard to apply
The Latest: Death toll from Syria airstrikes rises to 55
Deadly earthquake strikes Taiwan's east coast
"Taiwan's premier says 2 killed, 144 injured in earthquake striking east coast city of Hualien"
"Trump says 'I'd love to see a shutdown,' even as lawmakers near a deal"
Manchin pledges not to campaign against fellow senators
Schumer 'hopeful' about spending deal
Trump just bear-hugged the blame for a government shutdown
"If working mothers want paid family leave, they'll likely need a bipartisan solution"
Comstock to Trump: 'We don't need a government shutdown' over immigration
How can Congress avoid another government shutdown?
'Chain migration' is not bringing floods of terrorists to America
Trump: 'Let's have a shutdown'
Boston-bound Amtrak Acela train comes apart after leaving D.C.'s Union Station
"Why car horns, planes and sirens might be bad for your heart"
A gruesome murder. A hate-filled shooting rampage. And a reckoning with immigration before Italy votes.
Polish president signs Holocaust bill despite international concerns
Mattis: Plans for new U.S. nuclear weapon could be bargaining chip with Russia
"In a new wave of the Afghanistan air war, the U.S. strikes a little-known militant group"
Top Senate leaders negotiating budget deal to keep government open
Clinton's Achilles' heel in 2016 may have been overconfidence
Congress just actually did something to change its culture of sexual harassment
The case for releasing the FISA warrant application behind these memos
"SpaceX successfully launches the world's most powerful rocket, in a spectacle that sends a Tesla on its way to Mars"
"Polish president signs highly controversial Holocaust bill, drawing rare U.S. rebuke"
Justin Trudeau corrected a woman for saying mankind: 'We'd like to say peoplekind.'
Fatal quake in Taiwan leaves a hotel tilting over a street
Talks to forming new German government go into overtime
The Latest: US concerned with Polish law's adverse effects
The Latest: Deadly earthquake strikes Taiwan's east coast
Trump called for unity - then undermined himself by attacking Democrats
"Bob Menendez, cleared of criminal corruption charges, regains his Senate leadership post"
'The Daily Show' imagines a future in which Trump uses the n-word 'in jest'
Hero or hired gun? How a British former spy became a flash point in the Russia investigation.
Boston-bound Acela train comes apart after leaving D.C.'s Union Station
A flat-earther finally tried to fly away. His rocket didn't even ignite.
Trump immigration plan could keep whites in U.S. majority for up to five more years
It looked as if Earth's ozone layer was healing nicely - until now
"Nigel, the world's loneliest bird, was no victim. He was a hero."
This is the U.S. county that buys the least healthful groceries
Don't kid yourself. The future is bleak.
"Polish president signs Holocaust bill, drawing rare U.S. rebuke"
Pence does not rule out meeting with North Korean officials during Asia trip
"An unlicensed doctor with a dirty syringe infected dozens with HIV in India, officials say"
"Islamic scholar courted fans, detractors before rape charges"
Deadly earthquake strikes Taiwan; shelters opened
Trump's 'marching orders' to the Pentagon: Plan a grand military parade
"Bob Menendez, no longer facing corruption charges, regains his Senate leadership post"
Trump wanted a parade. He might get one.
"Missing 'special pay' outrages Public Health Service officers; little explanation, no apology from agency"
San Francisco's police force will be under state oversight after Justice Dept. rolls back federal program
Criminal charges reinstated against engineer in deadly 2015 Philadelphia Amtrak crash
"Former CIA officer 'not a Chinese spy,' lawyer says"
AccuWeather warned customers a tsunami was coming - except it was only a test
Texas student body president apologizes for Instagram comments called racist by classmates
"Child porn went viral on Facebook, and police say its creator has been charged"
A 'dramatic deterioration' in Syria as the war intensifies and suffering spikes
Poland's president signs controversial law on Holocaust
Norovirus outbreak at PyeongChang Olympic venues leads to staff quarantine
Watch 'smuggled luxury vehicles' get smashed as Philippine President Duterte looks on
Trump's desire for a U.S. military parade would be more common in another era
This American is playing hockey for South Korea in the Winter Olympics
PyeongChang is more than cold enough for the Winter Olympics. It's just not that snowy.
Mexican prosecutor: priests killed hung out with drug gang
"Polish law barring some Holocaust speech signed, referred"
Mexico prosecutors: YouTuber killed after threats from gang
