The difference between the F-35 and the fictional F-52
"China now buys as much as the U.S., a game-changer for the world economy"
Trump administration opens door to states imposing Medicaid work requirements
Schiff lays out Republican efforts to block access in Russia probe
A running list of countries Trump has insulted
"Several quakes rattle Myanmar's largest city, no damage seen"
Immigration talks founder after White House rejects deal and Trump insults foreign countries
Haiti and Africa? No thanks. Trump prefers immigrants from some of the least diverse countries on Earth.
'Evacuation fatigue' caused some to ignore peril of mudslides
A look at Trump's offensive comments on nonwhite immigrants
Trump's 'ping-pong' on surveillance law sets off a 101-minute scramble
Trump derides protections for immigrants from 'shithole' countries
"Haiti and Africa? No, thanks. Trump prefers immigrants from some of the least diverse countries on Earth."
How Trump's 'shithole' comment matches with his rhetoric on immigrants
How Trump's 'shithole' comment matches with his past statements on immigrants
Trump administration is taking steps to remove a threatened lynx from the endangered-species list
"A student used a racial slur in a video. Now, his Catholic high school is investigating."
An airline employee ordered passengers to delete their cellphone videos of a dispute or risk arrest
Another pregnant immigrant teen asks judge to allow access to abortion
FDA warns against giving kids cough and cold medicines with codeine or hydrocodone
Why repentant pastors should be forgiven but not restored to the pulpit
Michelin star boosts chef at outdoor Thai kitchen to stardom
Trump's history of making offensive comments about nonwhite immigrants
"Trump's new ambassador ignored questions from Dutch reporters. Now, U.S. reporters want answers"
Did 'evacuation fatigue' cause some to ignore peril of Calif. mudslides?
"Trump's new ambassador ignored questions from Dutch reporters. Now, U.S. reporters want answers."
Heavy snow strands 430 people overnight on train in Japan
"After U.S. envoy ignores Dutch reporters, U.S. counterparts want answers"
"Netherlands ambassador 'made mistakes,' but State Department deputy declines to call anti-Muslim comments false"
'Here is what my #shithole looks like:' African countries and Haiti react to Trump's remark
A teenager's suicide may help break Australia's inaction on bullying
Chinese university sacks professor over sexual harassment
"German parties talk through the night, no end in sight"
"After one for the ages, Australian Open now a fitness test"
Iran's protests reinforce the case for keeping the nuclear deal
Chinese university sacks professor over sexual misconduct
3 suspected militants shot dead in raid in Bangladesh
3 suspected militants killed in Bangladesh; 2 forces hurt
Japan to provide $3 million to Myanmar for Rohingya return
"Trump 'cancels' London visit to dedicate new U.S. Embassy, citing 'bad deal' to sell and relocate building"
Is the Trump tax cut good or bad for the middle class?
Africa startled by Trump's sudden and vulgar attention
Rescuers expand search for survivors of ship fire off China
China's December trade with North Korea falls 50 percent
Billie Jean King backs calls to rename Margaret Court Arena
"China auto sales shrink in December, end year up 1.4 percent"
Top judges angry about functioning of India's Supreme Court
"Sri Lanka lifts ban on women buying, selling alcohol"
Turkey tells citizens to reconsider travelling to US
"Thailand seizes large elephant tusks worth over $450,000"
Reports: Breakthrough in German government coalition talks
Pakistan says Indian fire killed woman in disputed Kashmir
Woman dies in Nepal village because of menstrual exile
Saudi women to enter stadiums for first time to watch soccer
"1 killed as Somali, Kenyan troops clash in border town"
Judges angry about functioning of India's Supreme Court
The Latest: African Union 'alarmed' by Trump statement
Agreement reached on basis for German coalition talks
German Social Democrat leader Martin Schulz: coalition negotiators have achieved 'outstanding results'
The Latest: South Africa party: Trump 'extremely offensive'
"No, Republicans haven't 'always' supported voting rights until now. This is the real story."
"With Trump in power, emboldened Israelis try redrawing Jerusalem's boundaries"
The Latest: Merkel confident on Europe with new German govt
"Nepal accesses internet through China, ending India monopoly"
Chancellor Merkel: confident a new German coalition government could reach agreement with France on Europe's future
German Social Democrat leader Martin Schulz says he will ask party congress to authorize entering formal coalition talks
The Latest: US media hub says it 'deeply respects' Africans
"German Chancellor Merkel says she's ""optimistic"" about forming a new coalition government with Social Democrats"
The Latest: Merkel optimistic on new German govt soon
Trump just praised earmarks. Here's what the fuss is about.
Trump's first official physical exam could provide new clues about his health
Trump expected to stay the course on Iran deal but add new penalties
"In boost to China's fledgling #MeToo movement, professor removed on assault claims"
The Latest: Euro jumps on positive news from German talks
Trump touts delivery to Norway of 'F-52' planes - but they only exist in a video game
Afghan official: Taliban kill 3 policemen in country's west
UN human rights office says Trump's comments on Africa 'shocking and shameful' if confirmed
Trump blames 'bad deal' for London trip cancellation. But Brits think they scared him away.
Hungary irate over Romanian leader's comments about autonomy
German leaders express confidence on forming new government
The Latest: UN calls Trump's Africa comment 'shameful'
Trump's thoroughly absurd 12 hours on Thursday
Senegal residents call for justice after deadly attack
"Sri Lanka lifts 38-year ban on women buying, selling alcohol"
"Yes, North Korea could drive a wedge between the U.S. and South Korea"
The Latest: German deal would raise chances for euro fixes
Russia gives early approval to new bill on foreign media
"China's #MeToo was struggling, then they removed a professor for sexual assault"
The Latest: German deal could mean 'complacency' on economy
"The Latest: African nations shocked, angered by Trump"
Here's why most newspapers and TV stations aren't censoring Trump's vulgar language
Tunisian government hoping days of protests are subsiding
The Latest: Juncker welcomes movement on German coalition
Monarch discusses weight of the crown in documentary
"Schoolyard conflicts may be linked to serious health problems later in life, research shows"
President Trump is playing politics with the 2020 Census. It could backfire.
The president gives another gift to lawyers challenging his immigration orders
S. Korea proposes meeting with N. Korea to discuss Olympics
How North Korea could drive a wedge between the U.S. and South Korea
"China's #MeToo movement was struggling, then a professor was removed for sexual assault"
Butcher trapped in freezer uses sausage to bash his way out
"Pakistan army chief: US general called, offered assurances"
The Latest: Ghana lawmaker wants global boycott over Trump
Italy police recover 250 stolen antique nativity figurines
The Finance 202: Nativist Trump makes noise while Globalist Trump makes progress
Why New York is suing and divesting from Big Oil
'Here is what my #shithole looks like': African countries and Haiti react to Trump's remark
The Latest: France says silence preferred after Trump remark
The Latest: EU presidency welcomes German political deal
Cybersecurity firm says Russia-linked hackers are laying groundwork to spy on US Senate staff
Jeff Bezos donates $33 million to scholarship fund for 'dreamers'
Trump acknowledges 'tough' language but appears to deny 'shithole' remark
The Latest: Haiti summons US diplomat after Trump remark
Italy ex-leader Berlusconi backs Deneuve on male courtship
"The Energy 202: Ryan Zinke's move is not for the birds, say 17 former Interior officials"
"The Daily 202: Trump has no nominees for 245 important jobs, including an ambassador to South Korea"
Trump's excuse for skipping his Britain trip is some familiar nonsense
"Trump canceled his trip to the US embassy in London, but his waxwork made it"
Head of Poland's top judicial body resigns over new rules
From conspiracy theories to 'shithole' countries: Trump's thoroughly absurd Thursday
"Trump canceled his trip to the U.S. Embassy in London, but his waxwork made it"
Danish intelligence: al-Qaida could grow as IS weakens
Britain's queen discusses weight of the crown in documentary
The Latest: Trump's vulgar comment? Some in Africa agree
President Trump made Congress's life impossible this week
"Trump canceled his trip to the U.S. Embassy in London, but his Madame Tussauds waxwork made it"
Minors suspected in fiery killing of Moroccan man in Italy
'Arrogant' UK surgeon burned initials onto patients' livers
The Health 202: Mental-health professionals can't agree on evaluating Trump's psyche
"Ignore, deny, defend: Trump's media boosters run a familiar playbook after 'shithole' remark"
The Latest: Haiti 'shocked' by Trump's immigration comment
"Haiti calls reported Trump remark 'racist,' says 'shocked'"
Germany's Merkel closer to breaking impasse over new govt
Azerbaijani journalist sentenced in widely criticized case
Haiti government says Trump migration comment as reported reflects 'racist view of the Haitian community'
"Ignore, deny, defend: Trump's media boosters run the usual playbook after 'shithole' remark"
Japanese PM kicks off six-nation European tour in Estonia
Israeli minister sorry after warning death for fake news
Zambia's army moves in as slum riots amid cholera outbreak
Trump loyalists rush to defend the indefensible - and get left holding the bag
"At least 3 dead, 16 injured in Venezuela unrest over food"
Britain's queen dishes on weight of the crown in documentary
Russia says it eliminated Syria rebels who attacked its base
"'Hate-filled, vile and racist': Lawmakers react to Trump's 'shithole' remarks"
An airline employee ordered passengers to delete their cellphone videos of a dispute or face police
"From London to Jerusalem, a look at Trump's trail of embassy controversy"
Romania: top doctor under house arrest in embezzlement case
Anti-migrant incumbent favored in Czech presidential vote
"GOP Rep. McSally enters Arizona Senate race, joining primary that could test Trump's loyalties"
Russian hackers who compromised the DNC are targeting the U.S. Senate
"France, Austria leaders note close views on some EU issues"
The Latest: Macron says German political deal 'encouraging'
Venezuela's economy is collapsing and violence is rampant. Its solution: woo tourists.
Ex-army chief to run in Egypt's presidential elections
"Republic of Congo general arrested, accused of coup plot"
Top European lawmaker Czarnecki slammed for hostile comment
"Newspaper readers saw a lot of 'vulgarity,' but not a lot of 'shithole'"
A murder suspect ambushed police at their headquarters - and was killed in a shootout
Trump's full speech during MLK proclamation
"Trump ignores question, 'Are you a racist?'"
How Trump's 'shithole countries' comment could make a government shutdown more likely
Newspaper readers saw a lot of 'vulgarity' but not a lot of 'shithole'
U.S. military history is rich with immigrants from the countries Trump disparaged
Lebanon receives trio of stolen artifacts recovered in NY
Haiti 'shocked and outraged' over reported Trump remarks
MLK's nephew calls on 'love for all Americans'
Carson: MLK's message of 'common dignity of man resounds today'
Is Donald Trump self-aware?
U.S. military history is rich with immigrants who left the countries Trump disparaged and sacrificed in combat
Taxpayers spent nearly $300K since 2003 to settle House sexual harassment claims
The arguments for and against Medicaid work requirements
"Investors cheer German deal, but some bemoan lack of vision"
Nigeria: Militant oil leader sought for killings is dead
3 Chile churches firebombed days before Pope Francis visit
Venezuela: 16 survive migrant boat crash; death toll now 5
Trump's words reveal his misunderstanding of nation's history of immigration
U.S. military history is rich with immigrants who left the countries Trump disparaged
WSJ interview shows Trump would rather banter with the media than attend to official duties
First treatment approved for breast cancer with BRCA genetic mutation
The U.S. ambassador in London contradicted just about everything Trump said about the new embassy
"Russian hackers who compromised DNC are targeting the Senate, company says"
Why coming up with a drug for Alzheimer's is so devilishly hard
"US VP Pence, Poland's PM exchange invites to visit"
Trump brags about winning the presidency on his first try (as most presidents have)
"Trump administration keeps nuclear deal alive for now, but issues new sanctions unrelated to the agreement"
"Ryan calls Trump's 'shithole' remark 'very unfortunate, unhelpful'"
White teacher in Ohio told 13-year-old black student he would be lynched if he didn't do his work
'Reprehensible and racist:' Trump's remarks outrage Africans
"Sex abuse, political turmoil overshadow pope in Chile, Peru"
"'As usual, he's dead wrong': Former U.S. ambassadors explain London Embassy move after Trump criticism"
Publication of beloved novelist's anti-Semitic pamphlets suspended in France
"3 Chile churches firebombed, president calls for 'respect'"
Tunisian govt hopes that days of food protests are subsiding
'Holes of shit': How Trump's profanity was translated abroad
"Spain, UK hold first talks on Brexit's fallout in Gibraltar"
Trump administration keeps nuclear deal alive for now but issues new sanctions unrelated to the agreement
Lost in space? Questions mount over fate of secret satellite as SpaceX pushes ahead
Gunfire as Congo police disperse mourners at Kinshasa church
Saudi stadiums open for women in a first to watch soccer
AP FACT CHECK: Trump claims London embassy is a 'bad deal'
Who'd prefer their country to Trump's US? Norwegians would
Millions of Americans have moved overseas - and it's not because the U.S. is a 'shithole'
Prosecutors seek May 14 trial date for Manafort and Gates
"After drubbing by the press, Trump's Netherlands ambassador apologizes for anti-Muslim remarks"
Republicans perform some lingual gymnastics to avoid confirming Trump's 'shithole countries' remark
"After drubbing by media, Trump's ambassador to the Netherlands apologizes for anti-Muslim remarks"
Kentucky becomes first state allowed to require work for Medicaid benefits
First treatment approved for breast cancer with BRCA mutation
"Supreme Court will look at Texas gerrymandering case, Internet sales tax"
A history of physical fitness in the Oval Office
Trump warns he will withdraw U.S. from Iran nuclear deal if fixes not made
8 Trump tweets that actually did some damage
"CDC says, 'There's lots of flu in lots of places.' And it's not going away anytime soon."
UPDATE 5-German Social Democratic leaders beg members to back deal with Merkel
"Supreme Court takes on Texas gerrymandering case, will look at Internet sales tax"
'Wiped clean': Reckoning with the toll of the California mudslides
U.S. military history is rich with immigrants who left nations Trump disparaged
UN experts: Iran weapons to Yemen rebels violated embargo
