Hong Kong pro-democracy movement loses ground in by-election
Final results show Hong Kong pro-democracy candidates re-elected to only 2 of previously held 4 seats in by-election
"Trump administration's words, deeds on Africa are colliding"
Macedonia: 75th anniversary of Jewish deportations observed
Contamination in ex-spy case ups pressure on UK to act
A beloved restaurant owner was deported. A community was in uproar. Then the town moved on.
"At least 2 dead in New York helicopter crash, official says"
"Plane flying from UAE to Turkey crashes in Iran, killing 11"
"China's Xi Jinping gets expanded mandate, may rule for life"
Snow-blasted Northeast braces for third nor'easter
A beloved restaurant owner was deported. A community was in uproar. Then it moved on.
Northeast prepares for another wintry blast
Woman accused of hiring hit men to get out of her hit-man-related troubles
March Madness: The crazy Staten Island origins of your NCAA bracket
Fertility clinic informs hundreds of patients their eggs may have been damaged
"U.S. made no concessions to North Korea in exchange for talks, White House says"
Critics of peace deal dominate Colombia election
Iran sentences unnamed British-Iranian to 6 years for spying
Vietnam says ex-top police official organized gambling ring
Calm before storm? Pyongyang still mum on Trump summit
Peace deal backers suffer in Colombia congress elections
"Rumors, mistrust hinder Brazil yellow fever vaccine campaign"
"China shrinking steel industry, but too slowly for West"
Police: Austrian attacker killed at Iranian diplomat's home
Will Trump's North Korea gamble actually pay off?
Seoul envoy in China for talks on North Korea developments
Afghan official: Insurgents take over district HQ in west
Afghan official: Taliban seize district headquarters in west
Five passengers dead in NYC helicopter crash
"Pakistani swears in new senators, including Hindu woman"
Iran recovers black box from Turkish plane crash killing 11
Chinese dissident: Even changing leaders won't change China
Rights group says Myanmar army building on razed villages
Austria: motives of Iran residence knife attacker a mystery
Seoul envoy praises China's role in fostering new nuke talks
Trump administration uses fuzzy logic to derail $11 billion tunnel plan for N.Y. and N.J.
BBC staff to testify at UN on Iran targeting Persian service
Thousands of Indian farmers march to demand government help
"In Egypt, the opposition is calling for a boycott of this month's election. Will it work?"
India's Hindu right intensifies a religious battle over a demolished mosque
"Passenger plane crashes, catches fire at Kathmandu airport"
Iran troops thwart twin suicide attack near Pakistan border
EU extends sanctions for alleged Russian meddling in Ukraine
Official says passenger plane has caught fire while landing at Kathmandu airport; fatalities unclear
Calm before the storm? North Korea still mum on Trump summit
UK lawmaker says spy poisoning looks to be 'state-sponsored'
A Trump spokesman just said something about collusion that he might come to regret
Why Trump's tariffs could weaken U.S. influence in the world
"Airplane crashes and catches fire near Nepal airport, dozens feared dead"
"Walls work, Trump officials say, but they're not sure to what extent that's true"
Putin's Russia: From basket case to resurgent superpower
The Latest: Syrian rebel group agrees to evacuate wounded
Renzi says party backs his call to remain in opposition
More civilians leave Syrian rebel enclave as army advances
Germany's biggest-selling paper drops topless models
There's more to Russia's cyber interference than the Mueller probe suggests
Social Security is now headless because of Trump's inaction. Will other agencies be decapitated?
Trump's China whisperer: How billionaire Stephen Schwarzman has sought to keep the president close to Beijing
A beloved restaurant owner was deported. A town was in uproar. Then it moved on.
Politeness can sometimes hurt more than it helps
Eugene McCarthy vs. LBJ: The New Hampshire primary showdown that changed everything 50 years ago
"Lightning strikes worshipers in Rwandan church, killing 15 and injuring dozens"
Britain's fanciest dog show had just named its 'best in show.' Then PETA struck.
"Bruno Mars was accused of cultural appropriation. Charlie Wilson, among others, defended him."
5 dead after helicopter on photo shoot crashes in New York City's East River
Jailed Mennonite will testify in death penalty case after refusing on religious grounds
Education Secretary Betsy DeVos stumbles during pointed '60 Minutes' interview
College students support free speech - unless it offends them
Hillary Clinton says 'follow the money' in the Trump-Putin 'bromance'
"Airplane crashes and catches fire near Nepal airport, at least 40 dead"
Afghan forces retake district offices from Taliban; 8 killed
Jailed Catalan separatist makes new bid to run for office
Germany's Merkel: time for new government to get to work
Putin says he approved plan to shoot down plane in 2014
The Energy 202: This is how pipeline companies will seek a pass on Trump tariffs
The Daily 202: Red-state Democratic senator highlights bills signed by Trump in first reelection ad
The Finance 202: Warren goes on attack over Dodd-Frank rollback
"Little national research is done on gun violence, so some states are stepping in"
"Armed and safe? At Ohio schools, the security plan includes teachers and guns."
Jailed Mennonite woman will testify in death penalty case after refusing on religious grounds
France's far-right National Front wants a new name. They picked one with Nazi links.
"Plane 'behaving strangely' before crash near Nepal airport that killed 49, says survivor"
Tillerson says Chad could be removed from visa restrictions
The Latest: Syrian Kurdish official: Thousands fleeing Afrin
Greece suspends soccer league following pitch invasion
"The Health 202: Hey Republicans, Medicaid is a key way to tackle opioid abuse"
"California Gov. Jerry Brown says Trump's upcoming visit should focus on bridges, not the wall"
Why India's modern women say it's a 'burden' to be female
How the euro is helping Europe's far-right fascists
Hillary Clinton says 'follow the money' in the Trump-Putin relationship
"Merkel faces US, EU challenges, says 'time to start work'"
"Plane carrying 71 people crashes, catches fire in Kathmandu"
S. Korea praises China's role in nudging N. Korea to talks
"Chad, a counterterror ally, still smarting over travel ban"
"In hindsight, Democrats probably should have seen Trump's 360 on gun control coming"
"A boy, a parrot joke, and Ranger Rick: It ends in happy tears"
"The government has been undercounting opioid overdose deaths up to 35 percent, study says"
"At least 49 dead in Nepal after plane crashes on landing, officials say"
Macedonia marks 75th anniversary of deportation of Jews
The Latest: Putin says UK needs answers before finding fault
"Ukraine finds weapons at homes of ""agents of Russia"""
Bannon encouraging populists to embrace 'racist' label confirms belief about worldview he brought to the White House
Why it was so easy for '60 Minutes' to rebut Betsy DeVos's charter-school arguments
"In hindsight, Trump's reversal on gun control was entirely predictable"
5 passengers dead after helicopter plunges into New York City's East River; the pilot survived
"A boy, a parrot joke and Ranger Rick: It ends in happy tears"
How the euro is helping Europe's far-right
France's far-right National Front wants a new name. It picked one with Nazi links.
Russian military tests nuclear-capable hypersonic missile
Japan govt altered documents in scandal linked to Abe's wife
Egypt writer's call for Salah to shave beard sparks outrage
Ethiopian Israelis push government for family unifications
"Man, woman sent to hospital over package at UK Parliament"
Was Putin really blaming Jews for interfering in the U.S. elections? Probably not.
It is almost certainly too late for Trump to stop Stormy Daniels's '60 Minutes' interview
Bannon encouraging populists to embrace 'racist' label confirms belief about the worldview he brought to the White House
"Betsy DeVos's botched '60 Minutes' interview, annotated"
The New Hampshire primary showdown that changed everything 50 years ago
'Is this a freaking SNL skit?!!!!!' - and more reaction to Betsy DeVos's rocky interview on '60 Minutes'
High school students: What would make you feel safer in school?
Watch the moment drivers stopped to rescue an infant abandoned on a freezing street
Greek police arrest 2 Pakistani teens on robbery charges
Estonia says Russian plane violates airspace
The Latest: UN chief: Syria fighting worsened after truce
4 Albanian climbers trapped on snowy mountain saved
French couturier Hubert de Givenchy dies at 91
The selective defense of airing Trump rallies live
Was Putin really blaming Jews for interfering in the U.S. election? Probably not.
Florida's solution to its invasive iguana problem: Smash their skulls in
Tillerson visits Chad and gets an earful about US travel ban
Colombia renews peace talks with last remaining rebel group
The Latest: UK leader: Poisoning part of Russian aggression
US woman trapped in Syria's Ghouta wants action from Trump
The Latest: US envoy warns Syria against chemical attacks
"UK leader: If Moscow proved to be behind ex-spy's poisoning, Britain will consider it 'unlawful use of force' by Russia"
Trump's tariff gambit doesn't seem to have done much for the Pennsylvania special election
"Work-life balance programs paying off for both federal employees, government, says report"
Northeast braces for third nor'easter in the last 2 weeks
Light snow from the southwest is fading before arriving in D.C. area
Police warn of 'suspicious' packages as deadly explosions rock Austin
Eating leafy greens may delay age-related memory decline
Theresa May says 'highly likely' Russia is responsible for spy's poisoning
AP Photos: Modesty defining feature of 5 years with pope
Chaos in 2 towns as Turkish as Syrian forces close in
The Latest: Russia calls for renewed truce efforts in Syria
Italy's Democrats reject kingmaker role after Renzi resigns
The Latest: Russian lawmaker: Ex-spy attack 'provocation'
Ethiopian Israelis call for family unifications
"Donald Trump, Jr., Rick Saccone, and plenty of chocolate: The final day of campaigning in Pennsylvania's special election"
Britain gets tough on Putin after nerve agent attack - and the Trump White House punts
Northeast braces for third nor'easter in 2 weeks
"Doctors ignored the signs of a deadly condition, she says. Now she has no legs or fingers."
Doctors find air pocket where part of man's brain should be
Nine controversial - and highly revealing - things Betsy DeVos has said
"U.S. prepared for military action in Syria if United Nations doesn't stop the bloodshed, Haley warns"
Australians rescued a giant spider. The rest of the world wonders why.
Navy intelligence chief took lavish meals and gifts from 'Fat Leonard' but is cleared of consorting with prostitutes
Theresa May: 'Highly likely' Russia responsible for spy's poisoning by nerve agent
The Latest: US calls UK poisonings 'an outrage'
'Accountant of Auschwitz' reportedly dies in hospital
The Latest: More protests of Slovak reporter's death planned
British PM: Russia 'highly likely' behind ex-spy's poisoning
US scientists rescued in Antarctica by Argentina icebreaker
"Donald Trump Jr., Rick Saccone and plenty of chocolate: The final day of campaigning in Pennsylvania's special election"
The government is close to finishing a climate change report. Trump won't like it
Why Neil deGrasse Tyson failed to prove Earth isn't flat
"They smiled for an Instagram video just before a helicopter tour. Minutes later, a deadly crash."
"The Great Recession raised America's blood pressure, study finds"
"'Powerful' package explosions that killed 2 are connected, police say"
French far-right youth official resigns over racial slur
UK says ex-spy poisoned with Soviet-developed nerve agent
The Latest: US urges new UN Syria cease-fire resolution
The Latest: Russians charged in 2006 case scoff at UK claims
Central banks warned to weigh risks of virtual currencies
"The trouble with the White House's spin on Trump and guns, in one exchange"
A top Iowa lawmaker was caught kissing a woman at a bar on video. He has since resigned.
4.4 million 2012 Obama voters stayed home in 2016 - more than a third of them black
"Three 'powerful' package explosions in Austin that killed 2 are connected, police say"
The government is close to finishing a major climate change report. Trump won't like it
"What a brave Russian scientist told me about Novichok, the nerve agent identified in the spy attack"
Former Navy intelligence chief took lavish meals and gifts from 'Fat Leonard' but is cleared of consorting with prostitutes
"Skulls show women moved across medieval Europe, not just men"
The Latest: Syria opposition urges force imposing cease-fire
Mexico arrests suspect in 2014 case of 43 missing students
Chaos in 2 towns as Turkish and Syrian forces close in
Ex-spy's widow says UK should sanction Russians
Democrats show little willingness to fight GOP ahead of spending deadline
Republicans find no evidence of collusion or Russian preference for Trump
'This visit is a political stunt:' Trump's California trip draws criticism from state leaders
The government is nearly done with a major report on climate change. Trump isn't going like it
How the euro is helping Europe's far-right rebound
Ruling coalition party wants early vote over Hungary crisis
The Latest: Slovak party demands new election over slaying
Shooting at 'quinceanera' birthday party kills 2 in Mexico
Convicted 'Accountant of Auschwitz' reported dead at 96
Britain gets tough on Putin after nerve agent attack. But will Trump?
Stakes high for GOP in special House election in Trump slice of Pennsylvania
"Winner of a $560 million Powerball jackpot can keep the money and her secret, judge rules"
"The nation is focused on students and gun violence. But kids in urban schools want to know, where's everybody been?"
Betsy DeVos defends herself on Twitter after being skewered for '60 Minutes' performance
"For the second time in less than a week, the Northeast is going to get slammed with snow"
London Mayor Sadiq Khan says big tech companies and regulators have failed us all
"UN official warns of humanitarian ""catastrophe"" in Venezuela"
Tillerson casts poisoning as sign of more aggressive Russia
Ruling coalition party wants early vote over Slovakia crisis
The Latest: Tillerson says ex-spy poisoning has Russia link
US official: Maximum pressure on North Korea until progress
