Democrats demand Homeland Security hand over documents on immigration chief
A trifecta of episodes that feed public cynicism toward Washington
Trump said it was 'tough to watch too much' of the Paralympics. Was it derogatory?
Democrats were looking at suburban districts. Now they're glancing toward rural ones too.
Nine members of Congress have lost their job over sex in six months
5 headlines from a roller coaster week for Trump
White House: No evidence that Ronny Jackson 'wrecked' a vehicle as president's physician
What North and South Korea can learn from German reunification
House Intelligence Committee Republicans release final Russia report
California Democrat threatens legal action over 'fabricated voice mail'
"Trump rebrands diplomatic norms as events in Asia, Europe and elsewhere spin on his axis"
"Judge puts Stormy Daniels case on hold for 90 days, citing likelihood Michael Cohen will be indicted"
"Democrats, and some Republicans, denounce Ryan's ouster of House chaplain"
Kanye West's Trump-supportive tweets were probably unrelated to unemployment data
GOP Rep. Patrick Meehan resigns from Congress amid ethics probe
Another careless admission by Trump: He came within seconds of wasting nearly $1 billion
Parsing Trump's story about saving more than $999 million on building an embassy in Jerusalem
3 ways the House Republicans' Russia report directly contradicts the intelligence community
"Trump touts 'historic' meeting between Korean leaders, tweets 'WAR TO END'"
"Trump's travel-ban comments ""crystal-clear?"" Likely depends on the beholder"
It's obviously premature to absolve the Trump campaign on the collusion question
Cyclists say chilling report on hit-and-run crashes points up need to redesign streets for safety
"Golf course that called the police on black women loses business, faces call for state investigation"
"Stunning scientists, NASA's only moon rover just got canceled"
Proposed shake-up at National Park Service could make senior leaders hit the road
Ten people charged in international fentanyl case
Doctors are taught early about patient histories. Is it time for different questions?
"She could still be alive if American Airlines had made an emergency landing, lawsuit claims"
Video shows former NFL player's violent arrest after he said police mistook a phone for a gun
"At the U.S. border, a diminished migrant caravan readies for an unwelcoming reception"
"Top Democratic senator questions CDC director's $375,000 salary"
"He can't walk or field grounders, but the GOP baseball team wants Steve Scalise back"
"A mother was diagnosed with a deadly rodent-borne virus, family says. Months later, she died."
22 states now affected by dangerous outbreak of E. coli illness from romaine lettuce
This engineered painkiller works like an opioid but isn't addictive in animal tests
Bill Gates calls on U.S. to lead fight against a pandemic that could kill 33 million
Nearly 50 inches in 24 hours - Hawaii may have broken the national rainfall record
Oklahoma hasn't had a single tornado this year. It's never taken this long.
"Woman finds hope after husband's stroke at 35,000 feet"
HUD Secretary Ben Carson's proposal to triple rents for poorest households would hurt single mothers the most
"At Korean summit in DMZ, 'deranged' ax murders still cast a shadow"
"As my father battled Alzheimer's, I rushed to create one last memory: Meeting President Obama"
Trump threatens to punish countries that don't support North American World Cup bid
Top Homeland Security officials urge criminal prosecution of parents crossing border with children
"Authorities used DNA, genealogy website, to track down 'Golden State Killer' suspect decades after crimes"
Afghanistan is building up its commando force to fight the Taliban. But at what cost?
"After a refugee influx, does Germany have an imported anti-Semitism problem?"
Pompeo makes debut in Europe as the un-Tillerson
"Sanctions, Syria hit home in Russia, but people aren't turning against Putin"
"Nigerians are walking into Canada, prompting calls for for the U.S. to take action"
Hacked messages show Qatar appearing to pay hundreds of millions to free hostages
Beloved Lord Mountbatten was killed by terrorists. Now he's a royal baby's namesake.
"Nigerians are walking into Canada, prompting request for U.S. to take action"
"Mexican YouTube rapper melted bodies of slain film students in acid for cartel, officials say"
Germany's first-ever anti-Semitism commissioner says the problem is becoming 'more aggressive'
The historic Kim-Moon meeting as it unfolded
"The full text of North and South Korea's agreement, annotated"
"Ten people, including four Chinese nationals, charged in international fentanyl case"
"In a feel-good Korea summit, Kim lays the groundwork for meeting with Trump"
Trump-Merkel meeting is more business than pleasure for both leaders
They're on the lookout for malware that can kill
"Attacker kills seven middle school students in China, wounds another 12"
Britain's newest prince gets a name: Louis Arthur Charles
Kenya's first Cannes-nominated film banned at home for 'promoting lesbianism'
"As Kim walks across border, Germany has an idea how to tear down that 'wall' for real"
Manager of Iranian newspaper detained in libel case
Russia: Floating nuclear plant towed to sea for fueling trip
AP reporter views swing in Korean relations with wary hope
Russian FM says US trying to 'divide Syria into parts'
Venice ready to turn back tourists if too many come
Azerbaijan: High-rise planned as Trump hotel catches fire
Armenian ruling party won't nominate own candidate for PM
Gunmen kill 4 in northwestern Pakistan along Afghan border
"A 'Yellow Fever' restaurant opened in a Whole Foods. There are two problems with that, critics say."
Talk of peace with North Korea has the South wondering: Will this time be different?
Russian Orthodox leader on 1st Albania visit by church head
Pompeo kicks off Mideast leg of first trip as top US envoy
"Betsy DeVos was asked, again, about visiting struggling schools. A staffer interjected."
"India's Modi authorized capture of runaway Dubai princess, newspaper claims"
Spain: Gang rape verdicts spur 3rd day of Pamplona protests
Asylum-seekers in Mexico snub warnings of stern US response
Whole Foods slammed over 'Yellow Fever' restaurant. The owner says it's not racist.
"Scores of Palestinians have been shot in their legs, and some face amputation"
Egypt jails 13 police for taking part in protest
"Alfie Evans, the sick British toddler at the center of a fierce legal battle, has died"
U.S. urges other nations to sanction Iran over ballistic missiles
Azerbaijan: 2 fires strike high-rise planned as Trump hotel
A former police employee said he killed a man in 'a gay panic' - an actual legal defense that worked
Trump calls on Sen. Tester to resign over release of allegations against White House doctor
"Sluggish recovery from Hurricane Maria reignites calls for Puerto Rico's statehood, independence"
Suspected jihadists kill 40 civilians in northeast Mali
"In Puerto Rico, struggles of all stripes"
"After days-long manhunt, suspect arrested in death of Maine officer"
Whole Foods slammed over Yellow Fever restaurant. The owner says it's not racist.
"Tens of thousands march for peace, justice in Nicaragua"
