'It starts with empathy': The Army's new training unit is looking for a different set of skills
ADP is slipping after winning its proxy battle against Bill Ackman (ADP)
NATO is set to agree on sending more troops to Afghanistan
Trump called the shooting in Texas a 'mental-health issue' - but scientific evidence says ...
4 unmistakable signs it's time to leave your company
NATO is considering opening a new North Atlantic command - and it's stirring echoes of the ...
Saturn's moon Enceladus hides an ocean - and alien life may have had billions of years to ...
We visited a clinic that offers infusions of a 'party drug' for people with depression - ...
Trump wants $4 billion more for missile defense to counter threats from North Korea
Pop star Sia tweeted a naked photo of herself to get back at paparazzi trying to sell the ...
"Saudi banks freeze more than 1,200 bank accounts as part of the government's anti-corruption purge"
Customers have finally taken one of McDonald's biggest problems into their own hands (MCD)
A retired Navy SEAL commander who wakes up at 4:30 a.m. ...
The US dollar is nearing a 4-month high
2017 Car of the Year runner-up: The McLaren 720S might be the best supercar in the world
Lebanon's prime minister was reportedly coerced by Saudi Arabia into quitting - and he still ...
These are the races to watch on Election Day 2017
"Sprint outlines new growth strategy after T-Mobile merger talks end (TMUS, S)"
"A leading cognitive scientist reveals how language shapes your perception of gender, color, and ..."
50 under-$50 gifts that work for everyone on your list
An Oxford professor of Islamic Studies has been accused of raping 2 women
The US actually has 5 aircraft carriers in the Pacific - but Trump is wielding them in a ...
The Fed has a rare chance to prove it's not Wall Street's bank
"How to save an extra $36,000 a year for retirement"
"The Texas church shooter has a disturbing history of domestic violence, including charges of ..."
Here's what Broadcom's potential Qualcomm deal would mean for the IoT
This volcano has been erupting boiling-hot mud for 11 straight years - now scientists know why
"JEFFERIES: Disney's potential Fox deal could cost $40 billion (DIS, FOX, FOXA)"
Blue Apron plunges more than 13% to an all-time low (APRN)
Ben Affleck says he will donate future profits from Weinstein films to abuse victims charity
15 odd jobs that pay extremely well
Here's what happens with your stuff after you die
Inside Taylor Swift's secret parties where she listens to her new album with 500 handpicked fans
Home Depot has the best mobile web experience (HD)
Wall Street's most hated drugmaker is getting annihilated after a bizarre conference call
'It's disgusting and it's a shame': Steve Kerr says it's time to look at America's gun crisis ...
The Ivy League's football conference is so absurd that 7 teams might tie for first place
An influential conservative group slammed a key piece of the GOP tax plan as 'class warfare'
An MIT psychologist explains why so many tech moguls send their kids to anti-tech schools
"Snap CEO Evan Speigel & his supermodel wife, Miranda Kerr, are worth $3. ..."
Nike vows to change NBA jerseys after several star players suffer uniform malfunctions
"I joined AARP at age 35 - and there are benefits to membership for young people, too"
A large part of London's busiest shopping street may soon ban cars
Chinese naval officers are talking about their destiny - beating back the US' decades-long ...
World's richest man and Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos reveals his secrets for success
Scientists are figuring out how to turn volcanoes into power stations
Chris Christie got into an argument with a constituent on Election Day
39 photos that show why everyone misses George W. Bush
Snap is gaining ahead of earnings (SNAP)
"Google's Waymo is launching a driverless Uber competitor in Arizona (GOOG, GOOGL)"
Bridgewater reportedly paid a $1 million settlement to an employee pushed out after a ...
Someone Photoshopped Donald Trump with 'normal hair' - and the difference is striking
LeBron James posted a perplexing meme to Instagram in the midst of disappointing stretch
How Black Friday has changed over the years
"The most expensive New York City neighborhoods, according to PropertyShark"
The ultimate hipster paradise is in a small European city where you can use the world's largest ...
'Shameless' star Ethan Cutkosky reportedly arrested on suspicion of DUI
I'm a therapist in LA who counsels power couples - and the most successful pairs have ...
Amazon released some of its Black Friday tech deals way earlier than usual this year
Here's what it's like to eat at McDonald's in 7 countries around the world
How to save more money every month without giving up everything you want to buy
The Marines Corps has its eye on a new weapon to bust open enemy bunkers
South Korea is building a $35 billion city designed to eliminate the need for cars
How to train yourself to develop 'super senses'
"Viewers find objectionable content on YouTube Kids (GOOGL, GOOG)"
The 15 absolute best tech gifts for the women in your life
"The FBI has the Texas church shooter's phone, but can't get in"
"Facebook and Salesforce are teaming up against Microsoft Office and Google (FB, CRM, MSFT, GOOGL)"
NASA's $1 billion Jupiter probe just sent back stunning new photos of the gas giant
Margrethe Vestager is looking into Apple's tax strategy - again (AAPL)
Jeff Bezos let his kids use knives and power tools from an early age - and experts say that ...
Twitter is turning on longer 280-character tweets for everyone (TWTR)
Here are the ages your brain matures at everything
Sears and Kmart will kick off their Black Friday sales on Thanksgiving
When billionaire investor Reid Hoffman chose to attend Stanford it caused a 'firestorm' in his ...
Trump reportedly told the director of the CIA to meet with a former intelligence official who ...
Shopping center stock GGP is rising on reports that Brookfield is interested in a takeover (GGP)
3 myths about the flu shot you need to stop believing
There's one clear link between the deadliest mass shootings in America - and it isn't a ...
LIVE: Snap Q3 earnings (SNAP)
A simple app that has nothing to do with money is helping me spend less and save more
Republican congressman Frank LoBiondo to retire after 12 terms
6 rogue employees who did crazy things on their last day of work
Oprah Winfrey has now raked in $300 million from her Weight Watchers investment (WTW)
An Israeli startup claims Apple said it could copy the startup's camera technology with few ...
Disney has ended its media blackout of the Los Angeles Times after a huge backlash
'Gossip Girl' star Ed Westwick denies rape accusation from actress: 'I do not know this woman'
The cash- and car-loving 20-somethings who got DJ Khaled to promote their startup resigned ...
"'Google is the new grandparent, the new neighbor, the new nanny' - millennial parents are ..."
San Francisco house prices just set a crazy new record
Amazon has been quietly launching sportswear brands all year (AMZN)
The full history behind all of Taylor Swift's biggest celebrity feuds
Washington head coach Chris Petersen had to explain what a fullback was to his defense as they ...
An unprecedented power grab by Saudi Arabia's crown prince could remake the Middle Eastern kingdom
Redditors reveal the 12 foods you should never order at your favorite restaurant chains
Philadelphia's super progressive candidate explains why he's running for the head of law ...
Mom-and-pop stores could be prime for a renaissance (ING)
Rapper Meek Mill's attorney says judge's 'personal bias' led to a 'ridiculous' 2-4 year prison ...
Trump campaign adviser: Carter Page 'went around me' to get permission for Moscow trip
Tesla just bought an automation company to help it build the factory of the future - here's ...
"BILL ACKMAN ON ADP: I lost the vote, but I also won (ADP)"
The US is moving closer to a plan to aid Ukraine that could backfire dangerously
Taylor Swift will reportedly keep her new album off streaming services like Spotify and Apple ...
15 cheap places to travel if you don't want to stay home for Thanksgiving
Here's how easy it is for the US president to launch a nuclear weapon
