The biggest takeaways from the House Judiciary Committee's first public impeachment hearing
"Trump 'could barely talk' after Hillary Clinton offered to help him as president, Clinton says"
How to increase your breast milk supply right after giving birth
"3 sign-up bonuses from Amex, Chase, and Capital One that can turn your holiday expenses into a ..."
2 former immigrant housekeepers for Trump explained how they had to follow bizarre rules for ...
A viral video shows people climbing over the US-Mexico border fence with a ladder and sliding ...
Police in Australia seized nearly $1 billion worth of meth hidden inside stereo speakers ...
Joe Biden releases ad slamming Trump using hot mic video of world leaders appearing to laugh at ...
Elon Musk opens up about his wealth during second day of testimony in 'pedo guy' defamation trial
"Shooting at Pearl Harbor Naval Shipyard leaves 2 dead, 1 injured. ..."
"Boeing's chief engineer who oversaw the 737 Max is retiring, just one month after testifying ..."
Melania Trump says impeachment witness who brought up her son Barron in testimony should be ...
A record-breaking NASA probe circling the sun has found never-before-seen spikes of solar wind ...
Language-learning app Duolingo is now valued at more than $1 billion after an investment from ...
How to disable the trackpad on your Mac computer in 2 different ways
Buffett-backed Restoration Hardware is betting a mysterious 'Guesthouse' will put it on the ...
"'Call of Duty Mobile' has been downloaded 172 million times for free, but ""Call of Duty ..."
3 pieces of advice a 64-year-old retiree says would have made retirement easier had he known at 35
11 of the biggest structural failures in history
"Amazon reveals Prime members' favorite artists, music, books, and top-selling items in 2019"
"Birth control pills can help treat acne, but some types are better than others"
12 players to start or sit in fantasy football for Week 14
Saudi Arabia's Andy Ruiz Jr. vs. Anthony Joshua fight is littered with athletes who have been ...
Elon Musk said in court he's low on cash. ...
"Store credit cards might score you a discount up front, but you should avoid them for 3 reasons"
Joe continues his murderous stalker ways with a new name and a new city in the first trailer ...
"I thought I knew enough about money to handle my family's finances, but a financial planner ..."
Joe Jonas hilariously serenaded Nick Jonas with ex Taylor Swift's song 'Lover'
Google wants people with Down syndrome to record themselves speaking to help train its AI to ...
Nancy Pelosi lambasted a reporter for asking if she hated the president then stormed offstage: ...
North Korea just called Trump an old imbecile in the latest sign the country is back on a warpath
These were the top 10 trending videos on YouTube in 2019
