'I'm the Meryl Streep of generals': Former Defense Secretary Jim Mattis had an epic response to ...
"The late Elijah Cummings, a key player in the Trump impeachment inquiry, was signing subpoenas ..."
Trump's hasty exit forced US troops to bomb their own base in 'an extreme worst-case scenario'
"Trump joked about former President Abraham Lincoln during his rally, the same night Mattis ..."
"Trump compared Turkey attacking the Kurds to 'two kids in a lot': 'You have to let them fight, ..."
The head of Facebook's controversial new cryptocurrency project explains why you don't need to ...
China's economy grew at slowest rate since the 1990s - and it could yet get worse
British people would rather stop Brexit than leave the EU with Boris Johnson's deal
Mysterious traders may have made $3.5 billion off stock bets timed to Trump's trade-war ...
The EU is preparing to delay Brexit if the UK Parliament rejects Boris Johnson's deal
An interrogation company is suing Ava DuVernay and Netflix for defamation over how their series ...
PewDiePie has admitted he has an incredibly weird and nonconformist way of eating pizza
A social experiment eerily predicted teenagers would all order 'triple dipped chicken' at a ...
"Ray Dalio warns of a a 'great sag' in the global business cycle, and central banks can't do ..."
Mick Mulvaney tries to claw back his confirmation - made on live TV - that Trump threatened ...
A former Nazi bunker in Germany is being turned into a luxury hotel with a 5-storey roof garden
Kate Middleton wore a plastic tiara to a tea party with a 7-year-old girl with cancer
"Unlicensed medical 'cures' are flourishing in closed Facebook groups, where cancer treatments ..."
Apple CEO Tim Cook met with a Chinese state regulator days after controversially booting a Hong ...
Facebook removed more than a dozen closed groups promoting unlicensed medicines after a ...
These are the top 10 brands in the world in 2019. Facebook isn't one of them.
Boris Johnson's own official government figures shows his Brexit deal will make British people ...
Boris Johnson refuses to reveal how badly his Brexit deal will hurt the UK economy
Justin Bieber is reportedly being sued for sharing a paparazzi photo on Instagram without credit
The Army wants to bring the 101st Airborne back to full air-assault power
"Can't afford a $1,780 share of Amazon? Charles Schwab will offer fractional share trading in an ..."
Hackers have become so sophisticated that nearly 4 billion records have been stolen from people ...
How Zac Efron went from singing on Disney Channel to becoming a Hollywood A-lister
"The Drive-Thru: Kroger chaos, Wendy's ghost kitchens, and KFC's chicken wings"
The 'Dr. Death' podcast team has a new medical investigation that delves into greed and ...
Microsoft is launching an ambient voice assistant project with Nuance
"Elon Musk regularly switches to a new phone and sometimes destroys the old one, according to a ..."
These are the key players you need to know to make sense of the Trump impeachment inquiry
"Microsoft's booming cloud business could send the stock soaring 15% over the next year, RBC ..."
Pensando Systems raised $278 million in funding amidst a growing demand for edge-computing solutions
Mexican security forces caught one of 'El Chapo' Guzman's sons but set him free after a massive ...
This is how Qatar is finding unique ways to harvest solar energy
"6 smart ways to use high-yield savings accounts and earn up to 200 times more on your money, ..."
"There are 618,000 millennial millionaires in the US, and they're on track to inherit even more ..."
The most famous women in NASA history
Quentin Tarantino's 'Once Upon a Time... in Hollywood' won't be released in China unless Bruce ...
A Wall Street analyst has crowned Canadian cannabis company Cronos Group a 'new king in the ...
22 fun and affordable Christmas decorations from Target
"A Seattle man broke into an office building, ate $200 worth of chocolate, and collapsed in a ..."
I always compare the Tesla Model 3 to the Toyota Corolla. This is how they actually stack up. (TSLA)
"The highest credit score is 850, but you don't need it to get the best interest rates"
A couple already won Halloween with their 'It' couples costume - and the photos will give you ...
Our 7 best bets for Week 8 of the college football season
Jenna Dewan says she felt 'blindsided' when she found out about Channing Tatum's relationship ...
A questionable theory about 'shady' stock trades and Trump reveals how desperate people are for ...
"16 players who could take home the NBA MVP, ranked"
The 7 rules for fighting a 'just war'
"The best time to exercise is before breakfast, a new study says"
"OXO's 3-in-1 avocado tool opens, pits, and slices avocados effortlessly - it's the one ..."
3 benefits of paying off my car loan I didn't see coming
Chase recently added Emirates as a transfer partner - here are the best ways to use points ...
Motorola is hinting that it will reveal a foldable smartphone version of the iconic Razr in ...
Joe Biden and Elizabeth Warren slammed Mark Zuckerberg for his remarks on free speech and said ...
"How to appear offline on an Xbox One, and adjust who can see your online status"
"Logan Paul reveals his plans to become a professional boxer, release a music album, and try out ..."
18 hilarious photos of dogs taken at the perfect time
The best places to buy women's dress pants for work
"No. 1 NBA draft pick Zion Williamson will miss the start of the NBA season with a knee injury, ..."
The best travel pillows you can buy
How to reset and change your voicemail password on an iPhone without calling your voicemail
"As an extremely busy startup co-founder, I use an effective special mantra every day"
Meghan Markle said not many people have asked her if she's OK. ...
"AOC, Marco Rubio, and 5 more lawmakers just wrote a letter to Tim Cook calling Apple's decision ..."
16 books all high-achievers should read to get ahead
The best mattresses
"How to change the name of your Mac computer in 4 steps, so that it's easier to find on your ..."
NYU professor Scott Galloway says that the era of startups growing at all costs is coming to a ...
5 handy tips for managers leading large teams - without getting overwhelmed by the pressure
The best LED string lights you can buy
Apple CEO Tim Cook's go-to phrase 'The way I see it' is a masterclass in good communication - ...
How to mark all emails as read on your iPhone in 4 steps
"Meet North Korea's most powerful woman, Kim Yo Jong: Kim Jong Un's 30-ish sister who made a ..."
"AOC, Jameela Jamil, and other prominent women rallied around Meghan Markle after she shared her ..."
Making 3D portraits with paint cast in resin
"Sears is charging $99 annually for an Amazon Prime-style membership with 50% off car services, ..."
