21 gift sets and limited-edition beauty products you can get at Sephora this holiday season
22 photos show how an estimated 2 million Californians are coping with mass blackouts to ...
A Syrian family had to shut down their Toronto restaurant amid death threats after their son ...
"Officials have confirmed 26 deaths and nearly 1,300 cases of serious lung disease tied to ..."
Trump's abrupt withdrawal from Syria may allow ISIS to come back with a vengeance - using the ...
15 must-have pieces of gear that helped me train for my first half-marathon
"Pillows, Pelosi, and 'Mr. President': 10 of the wildest moments from Trump's first rally since ..."
"In case you didn't have enough to worry about, there are now fish that can walk on land"
An Iranian oil tanker was reportedly hit by missiles close to the coast of Saudi Arabia
Rudy Giuliani was reportedly retained for 'hundreds of thousands of dollars' by an associate's ...
China and the NBA are coming to blows over a pro-Hong Kong tweet. Here's why.
Cash-strapped WeWork pulled more than $60 million from its UK unit and almost tripled the ...
"Pictures show Trump with Rudy Giuliani's arrested associates, despite the president saying he ..."
THE RISE OF CLOUD GAMING: Cloud-based streaming is the next frontier in the video gaming ...
"FC Barcelona still owes Liverpool $104 million for the 2018 transfer of Philippe Coutinho, but ..."
Oil prices are soaring on supply fears after an Iranian tanker was hit by a suspected missile attack
YouTuber Alissa Violet has been accused of scamming fans after competition winners complained ...
The CEO of KLM predicts that the first commercial electric airplane will arrive in 15 to 20 years
WeWork is reportedly rushing to get a new debt financing deal and it could run out of cash next ...
"Trump just joined Amazon's video game streaming site Twitch, even though he has major beef ..."
Brexit deal hopes surge as the EU welcomes 'promising' signs of compromise from Boris Johnson
Harry Styles just dropped a sexually-charged music video for his first new single in 2 years
'I'm a terrible person': Inside ousted Uber CEO Travis Kalanick's tantrum in a ...
"This custom leather jacket startup makes any jacket you want, starting at $350 - here's what ..."
Familiarity with the Ukraine scandal is rising and so is support for impeaching Trump
HBO is adding mental health disclaimers for select shows like 'Euphoria' and 'Girls'
"I saved over $300,000 in my 20s. Here's the single best piece of advice I can give you about money."
Seeking nominations for the top talent agents in the YouTube and influencer space
BAML: 'Bearish paralysis' has investors pouring money into safe assets at the highest rate ...
Elizabeth Warren brought down the house at CNN's LGBTQ town hall with a fiery answer on ...
"How long a YouTube video on your channel can be, depending on if your account is verified"
This $39 hair towel cuts the amount of time I spend drying my hair in half
A lawyer who represents cruise-ship workers reveals one thing passengers do that's terrible for ...
I spent $910 for a roundtrip United flight from Newark to London - and it was worth every ...
FedEx will allow customers to drop off online returns at Walgreens
Uber is buying a majority stake in online grocery provider Cornershop as the ride-hailing giant ...
"Trump just pardoned a scientist who helped develop weapons during WWII, including the nuclear bomb"
"Chick-fil-A is ramping up its international expansion, opening its first location in the UK"
"Greta Thunberg's fans are upset she didn't win the Nobel Prize, but a peace expert says she ..."
WeWork is now reportedly talking with JPMorgan about a $5 billion credit line and could run out ...
"No, the US Naval Academy isn't offering 'satanic services,' but not for the reason you might think"
The US states with the most same-sex couples raising kids are in the South and Mountain West
THE HEALTHCARE PAYMENTS REPORT: The strategies payments leaders are using to take advantage of ...
A dedicated 'Breaking Bad' fan got a Pinkman tattoo for the 'once in a lifetime' opportunity to ...
The Dow surges 500 points as Trump gives encouraging signs about a trade truce
31 celebrities who are openly proud about being LGBTQ
Furious fans are firing back at Blizzard by using one of its characters in anti-China memes ...
Roku has spiked almost 300% this year - and a Wall Street analyst just said it could rally ...
'Gemini Man' is pacing to be a huge box-office flop this weekend and lose the studio millions
"How to mirror your Samsung Galaxy S10's screen onto a Roku player for presentations, gaming, ..."
The US is sending more firepower to the Middle East to check Iran - here are the weapons the ...
Tinder parent Match Group may soon be single after IAC announces a plan to spin off the ...
Rihanna finally confirmed she's been in an 'exclusive relationship for quite some time. ...
A photographer captures powerful portraits of World War II veterans to honor their stories
"How to turn off location tracking on a Samsung Galaxy S10, for all apps or individual apps"
I tried nearly every hand sanitizer and this $12 hand sanitizer spray does what others can't do ...
"Jared Leto, who played Joker in 'Suicide Squad,' reportedly felt 'alienated and upset' by the ..."
"I opened a high-yield savings account with online bank Ally to earn 20 times more on my money, ..."
"The US and China reach a partial trade agreement, averting tariff hikes on thousands of products"
L.L.Bean is running a big Columbus Day sale and everything is 20% off - here are 15 standout deals
5 things everyone should be doing to support their LGBTQ coworkers
5 signs you're better off with the Amex Platinum and not the Chase Sapphire Reserve
"Facebook's Libra cryptocurrency project suffers massive blow as MasterCard, eBay, and Stripe ..."
Fox News host Shep Smith is leaving the network after 23 years
15 time-management hacks for overachieving working parents
Researchers calculated how much the average person would need to be paid to live a year without ...
10 ways smart people deal with rudeness
Our 7 best bets for Week 7 of the college football season
Tech billionaire Mark Cuban of 'Shark Tank' says these are the biggest mistakes entrepreneurs ...
THE AUTOMAKER TRANSFORMATION REPORT: Inside automakers' scramble to keep Uber and Lyft from ...
5 LGBTQ-friendly companies to support on National Coming Out Day
"NYU professor Scott Galloway says that WeWork is a sign of things to come, as more tech ..."
The CEO of Walmart says 3 things separate out future CEOs from the rest
The best cashmere sweaters you can buy
Here's everyone who has been sentenced in the college admissions scandal so far
The 50 most expensive top boarding schools in America
A man who stopped working at age 65 says he used a '3-legged stool' strategy to prepare for ...
The writer of a popular self-care Twitter account revealed he's been pretending to be a black ...
Trump says he doesn't know if Rudy Giuliani is still his lawyer amid reports that Giuliani is ...
"What to know about 'Dynasty' star Maddison Brown, who was spotted holding hands with Liam Hemsworth"
US troops in Syria were nearly struck by Turkish artillery barrages that came dangerously close
The WNBA's inclusion in the world's most popular basketball video game will dramatically change ...
The Saddleridge fire in Los Angeles has been stoked by the distinctly devilish Santa Ana winds ...
"I went to the New York City Oktoberfest said to be the best outside of Munich, and I was not ..."
"Trump says 'it's a shame' that Fox News anchor Shepard Smith is leaving the network, citing ..."
"Sephora vs. Ulta - we break down main differences between the 2 beauty stores, from their ..."
"A Los Angeles bush fire has burned over 7,500 acres and prompted evacuation orders for 100,000 ..."
Mukesh Ambani is India's richest man for the 12th year in a row. ...
"This expandable, water-resistant backpack is my go-to for travel - I can easily pack a ..."
How to add friends on your Nintendo Switch to play games together online and voice chat
Bernard Arnault made $5.1 billion in the past 3 days. ...
"More hazing complaints hit Ohio University, leading to the suspension of the marching band, 3 ..."
How to change your PS4 background to a custom image
A college football coach was placed on leave after the 30 players he reportedly crammed in a ...
