The Geminids meteor shower peaks this weekend. ...
Here is the full breakdown of the UK 2019 general election results
The campaign to stop Brexit is over and Britain is heading for another decade of Conservative ...
Greta Thunberg may be the world's savviest Twitter troll. ...
"Larry Ellison says that Oracle has 'no plans' to hire a new co-CEO, meaning Safra Catz will be ..."
The pound is soaring after UK election exit polls show Boris Johnson's Conservative party won a ...
The best foam rollers to relieve your muscles
Disney+ now has gift subscriptions for the holidays - here's how to buy one for the Disney ...
Shock exit poll shows Boris Johnson's Conservative Party is heading for a huge majority in the ...
Miss Universe Zozibini Tunzi's national costume contained a powerful message about violence ...
Navy SEAL running for Congress kicked off his campaign in the wrong district
"Trump has reportedly signed trade agreement with China, averting major tariff escalation"
NFL WEEK 15: Our official predictions for who wins this weekend
"Facebook refuses to fact-check political ads, and it's infuriating employees and lawmakers. ..."
32 gifts for 'Star Wars' fans of all ages
The Taliban launched an intense hours-long attack on a key US base. ...
A device invented by a 25-year-old is finally catching trash in the Great Pacific Garbage Patch. ...
"Trump praised Boris Johnson on his landslide win, even though Johnson spent the whole campaign ..."
Trump tweeted a whopping 123 times during marathon impeachment debate
Mitch McConnell says he's 'taking his cues' from Trump's lawyers as the GOP mulls a strategy ...
Donald Trump congratulates Boris Johnson on a 'great WIN' in the UK election
What happens now that Boris Johnson has won the UK general election?
"'Let me explain it to you: wars, people die': Republican lawmaker fires back at Democrat after ..."
Democrats say surprise move to postpone impeachment vote was to head off GOP strategy of ...
Boris Johnson promises to 'get Brexit done' after winning a huge victory in the UK general election
"Amazon just released the first trailer for 'New World,' a massive multiplayer online game ..."
Jo Swinson resigns as Liberal Democrat leader after losing her seat in a shock general election ...
Jeremy Corbyn announces he will resign as Labour Party leader
Conservative minister Zac Goldsmith loses his seat to the Liberal Democrats in the UK ...
The runners and riders in the race to replace Jeremy Corbyn as Labour leader
"The next Xbox console is Xbox Series X, coming in holiday 2020 (MSFT)"
Trump says US will lower China tariffs as part of interim trade agreement
We just got a stark warning that the US economy is slowing as trade tensions persist
The powerful media mogul at the core of Donald Trump's debunked views on vaccines and autism
Disney Plus: Everything you need to know about Disney's ad-free streaming service
The US has signaled China will buy $50 billion of farm goods. ...
"The banking information of 29,000 Facebook employees was stolen in 'smash and grab' theft from ..."
A pair of 3D-printed homes built in 24 hours are kicking off the 'world's first 3D-printed ...
"Here's your first look at Microsoft's wild new game console, the Xbox Series X (MSFT)"
"NYC's trendiest chicken chain is testing a new chicken sandwich to rival Popeyes', and it ..."
"A 36-year-old New York lawyer who makes $270,000 says he lives off rice and beans so he can ..."
Miss Universe Zozibini Tunzi looked like royalty in a glitter-covered suit with an animal-print ...
A couple had the most Australian Christmas ever when they found a 10-foot-python in their ...
"Taylor Swift just turned 30, and she's already worth at least $360 million. ..."
Congress doesn't plan on giving the Army extra cash for its next-generation rifle after all
Try this simple strategy before you accept a job offer to figure out if the company's a fit for you
Boris Johnson's election victory means Scotland could end up leaving the United Kingdom
"All 40 Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson movies, ranked from worst to best"
"The TV characters cheaters fantasize about the most, according to Ashley Madison data"
Lamar Jackson needed extra jerseys to swap after his latest MVP performance because Jets ...
