The key to the Raptors future is their $130 million forward who was studying to be a priest 10 ...
Shaq weighed in on the NBA's ongoing feud with China and defended Daryl Morey just minutes ...
The CEO of Box just roasted former WeWork CEO Adam Neumann's $1.7 billion payout (BOX)
'Terminator: Dark Fate' finally gives us a worthy movie in the franchise after years of duds
Kylian Mbappe broke a Lionel Messi record when he came off the bench to score 3 goals in PSG's ...
An environmental group found arsenic and chromium in tap water in all 50 US states. ...
"All the details of SoftBank's WeWork takeover: SoftBank will own 80% of WeWork, Neumann steps ..."
"The amazing life of self-made tech mogul Marcelo Claure, Softbank's secret weapon tasked with ..."
Joe Biden suggested Bill Clinton's impeachment was a 'partisan lynching' in 1998
Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg said the social media platform doesn't run political ads 'for the ...
Soldiers in the Army National Guard are being encouraged to perform physical exercise before ...
Kirstjen Nielsen said she resigned from the Trump administration because 'saying no' was 'not ...
"I compared Vienna's top tourist attractions to their worst reviews, and I realized you should ..."
How the royal family would change if Prince Harry and Meghan Markle gave up their titles and ...
British police found 39 dead bodies in the back of a haulage truck and arrested the driver on ...
France threatens to veto another Brexit delay after saying there is 'no justification' for a ...
The murder suspect who sparked plans for the Hong Kong extradition bill has been released from ...
Putin and Erdogan agreed a 'historic' to consolidate power in Syria and humble Kurdish forces. ...
What the hell just happened with Brexit and where will we end up next?
Much of northern Russia is blanketed in sunlight nearly 24 hours a day for 2 months - here's ...
WeWork cofounder Adam Neumann is expected to step down as the company's chairman - in ...
Should you pay off your mortgage early or invest? We did the math to find out which nets a ...
All eyes will be on Tesla's profitability picture when it releases earnings today. ...
The lavish budgets of Disney and Apple's upcoming original TV shows make 'Game of Thrones' look ...
The Church of Scientology and its members have reportedly spent $103 million buying up a huge ...
America's stockpile of bacon has hit a 48-year high - but the latest US-China trade deal ...
"Iraq says US troops leaving Syria can't redeploy there and have to leave in 4 weeks, a fresh ..."
"If you have to have a long layover, here are some of the best airport perks to look for"
A new study shows that 92% of Americans don't understand fixed-income investing - the ...
Google scientists have claimed a massive breakthrough in cutting-edge computing with 'quantum ...
"This is what women really want from their employers, according to 4 prominent female leaders"
"Trump says he's bringing US troops home from 'endless wars,' but he's actually building up ..."
A Thai Airways plane was forced to abort its takeoff after an 'explosion' that left a huge hole ...
A Paralympic gold medalist has ended her life through euthanasia at the age of 40
Trump's acting ambassador to Ukraine blew apart the president's 'no quid pro quo' impeachment ...
Hugh Jackman roared like Wolverine into a crazed fan's phone during a performance of his ...
An 86-year-old man in Texas was arrested over a murder that happened almost 40 years ago and ...
"A huge, 7-storey building shaped like a picnic basket is set to become a luxury Ohio hotel"
"I ordered clothes from those cheap online stores, and I'm not sold"
42% of US employees have experienced or seen racism at work. ...
A 24-year-old who has shared photos of himself partying with Rihanna and Bella Hadid just ...
"I compared Wendy's cheapest burger with its most expensive, and found the upgrade is worth it ..."
How to turn off auto-capitalization on your iPhone in 4 simple steps
The best mattress toppers you can buy
Katie Couric pressed Facebook's Sheryl Sandberg on the Me Too movement: 'Do you think 'Lean In' ...
A Detroit university just agreed to provide city high school grads free tuition - and it's ...
The human body replaces millions of cells every day. ...
"Trump tries to spin his disastrous Syria retreat into a big success, says he showed 'vision' ..."
Ukraine just threw a huge wrench into Trump's key defense denying a quid pro quo
The 8 best YouTube cooking channels to get ready for Thanksgiving
"How to turn Narrator on or off on a Windows 10 computer, for an accessibility feature that ..."
Trump said China would buy up to $50 billion in US agricultural goods in a new trade agreement ...
"Walmart is kicking off Black Friday sales this week and touting free, next-day delivery as it ..."
An Alabama businesswoman running for congress says she wants to make her own Republican version ...
A CEO tries to give something away to everyone he meets - and this memorable habit landed him ...
The best food processor you can buy
This is how vegan lip gloss is made
How publicists for an LA nightclub business tried to kill our story about a violent night at ...
A 9-year-old has been charged with murder after a house fire killed five of his relatives. ...
'Why won't my iPhone connect to Bluetooth?': How to fix your Bluetooth connection in 6 ways
"I got the Chase Freedom for the intro APR offer, but I'm still using the card two years later ..."
House Republicans stormed a closed-door impeachment hearing and refused to leave - and Trump ...
"Even without the cash for a down payment, I was able to buy a new house - and keep my old ..."
"How to get your PS4 out of Safe Mode in 4 different ways, so you can get back to playing normally"
"An Italian designer debuted a pair of heels reportedly worth $20 million, made of solid gold, ..."
25 photos of tiny living spaces around the world
Beyond Meat falls below $100 per share ahead of earnings after a series of wins for competitors ...
These spooky bath bombs have a hidden surprise inside
You can get Amazon's Echo Dot for $1 when you buy it with an auto-renewing Music Unlimited ...
How to remove your Apple ID from an Apple Watch by unpairing it from your iPhone
"You can get up to 75,000 miles with Delta's Amex cards, but they're only available for one more week"
How to add friends on an Apple Watch in 3 different apps
VSCO girls are upending the cosmetics industry by eschewing makeup in favor of facial sprays ...
"Ohio congresswoman rips into Mark Zuckerberg, calling it 'appalling and disgusting' that he ..."
The Air Force is investigating whether an airman smoked weed at a facility overseeing nuclear ICBMs
A Phoenix police officer was fired after he was seen in a viral video pointing a gun at a black ...
Google employees are raising alarms about a new tool that keeps tabs on their internal ...
Joaquin Phoenix shocked the 'Joker' crew when he climbed into a refrigerator during an ...
"Tesla is unveiling a third version of its solar roof this week, Elon Musk says"
Facebook pledged $1 billion to help fix California's affordable housing crisis one day before ...
Slack CEO Stewart Butterfield says that Microsoft has been 'surprisingly unsportsmanlike' as a ...
The US may still punish Turkey over Syria and Russian weapons - here's how it can avoid ...
"The FTC wants to shut down 'stalkerware,' apps that can hide inside people's phones and ..."
35 musicians you should see live at least once in your life
9 iconic stadiums across the world that no longer exist
"This game lets you roleplay as a tech CEO, and it was way harder than expected"
See inside the 300-square-foot tent that a couple transformed into a tiny home for their family
6 work conversations every successful couple has to avoid stress in the relationship
The best glass cleaners
Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez grilled Zuckerberg on Facebook's controversial ad policies and he ...
The best string trimmers and weed wackers
Watch the moment Meghan Markle stopped a woman from curtsying her and gave her a hug instead
The best men's undershirts
The best raincoats and rain jackets for women
