Here are all the winners and nominees for the 2019 People's Choice Awards
Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi said Jamal Khashoggi's murder was 'a mistake' by the Saudi government
Serena Williams said Meghan Markle once secretly traveled to New York for one night with ...
The 22 best Singles' Day sales going on right now
Video shows Hong Kong police shoot protesters at point-blank range during early morning rush ...
Jennifer Aniston poked fun at the 'impossibly large apartments' on 'Friends' in her PCAs ...
Blake Shelton says he's glad he won an award at the 2019 PCAs because Zendaya was 'making fun ...
51 unique holiday gifts your mom actually wants to get this year - for every budget
'The Walking Dead' star Josh McDermitt says The Whisperers should be worried about Negan
'The Walking Dead' star Josh McDermitt confirms voice behind the mystery person on the radio on ...
15 details in 'Watchmen' episode 4 you might have missed
Kourtney and Khloe Kardashian both showed their bras on the 2019 PCAs red carpet with Kim and ...
23 innovative and cool accessory gifts for iPhone lovers
John Bolton reportedly kept secret notes about his encounters with the president
Trump hits back at Iran after it admitted for the first time that it has an 'ongoing' court ...
"A poppy-pilfering pigeon made a red nest at a war memorial, and the photos are pretty patriotic"
Airlines are flying tons of unneeded fuel around the world to save as little as $52 by not ...
These are the top 5 UK financial institutions ranked by the mobile banking features consumers ...
Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey praised Facebook's experimental moves to hide Instagram 'likes'
"Watch a Bundesliga player run full speed like a 'young buffalo' into the opposition manager, ..."
"China wants 4 more years of Trump because he's 'easy to read,' says country's former top trade ..."
Donald Trump Jr. stormed out of an event for his book - which attacks the left for stifling ...
"A 32-year-old Indian man dyed his hair white, used a wheelchair, and pretended to be 81 so he ..."
Boris Johnson tried to mop up some floodwater and it didn't go particularly well
How horsepower is measured in cars
"Malaysia's ex-prime minister will stand trial on charges of laundering 1MDB state funds, court rules"
"Every single Robert Pattinson movie, ranked"
Zopa is moving into the wider banking space with a new fixed-term savings account
The pound soared on hopes for Tory election wins after Nigel Farage says Brexit Party will ...
12 of the best and 12 of the worst Leonardo DiCaprio movies of all time
Librarians in Idaho are hunting down a mysterious person who is purposely hiding anti-Trump and ...
There are 3 types of perfectionism - and not all of them are bad. ...
"Cristiano Ronaldo was substituted again, appeared to sulk while he stormed off the pitch, and ..."
"Fans booed Drake off the stage when he turned up as the surprise guest to Tyler, the Creator's ..."
Aides reportedly tried to anticipate the fallout from Biden's son's dealings in Ukraine back in ...
"Video shows Hong Kong police officer ramming into protesters with a motorcycle, on day of ..."
The CEO of Workato explains how watching his kids learn to code inspired his team to go from ...
"Alibaba has raked in $34.8 billion and counting in Singles Day sales, crushing last year's results"
Jeff Bezos is reportedly keen on buying an NFL team
Apple cofounder Steve Wozniak says Apple Card offered his wife a lower credit limit
Nigel Farage boosts Boris Johnson's election prospects by standing down Brexit Party candidates ...
The public Trump impeachment hearings begin Wednesday. Here's how to watch
Disturbing before-and-after images show what major US cities could look like in the year 2100
Everyone who will be starring on season 2 of 'You' on Netflix
Mercury is traveling across the sun for the last time until 2032. ...
Amazon has started hiring for its new type of grocery store that's nothing like Whole Foods
Holiday Shopping 2019: Mixed Results Expected Amid Tight Calendar and Economic Uncertainty
Travis Kalanick sold a massive chunk of his Uber stake as he scales up his next act (UBER)
Kate Middleton always follows 2 royal wedding traditions to ensure she doesn't upstage the ...
25 tech gifts for women that she'll love to get this holiday season
One cryptocurrency investor reportedly lost $24 million worth of bitcoin in a SIM swap attack
Alibaba beat Amazon's estimated Prime Day sales within an hour and crushed analyst estimates ...
"Meet Kimberly Guilfoyle, the former Fox News star, prosecutor, and model who's dating Donald ..."
"Chaos, crazy ideas, and cashing in: 5 things Trump and Adam Neumann have in common"
Big streaming companies like Netflix and HBO are looking to crack down on freeloaders who use ...
The new Chevy Corvette is going up against the world's greatest - and far more expensive - ...
How to rent a car with your Costco membership (COST)
The White House has looked for ways to limit investment in China. ...
A 19-year-old college basketball player has died after reportedly stepping in front of a train
A woman who was part of Oklahoma's mass release of 462 inmates says 'there's more drugs in ...
How to decide whether to get a cash-back credit card
The best men's dress socks
"All the Marvel movies and shows you can stream on Disney+ - from """"Iron Man"" to ..."
You can play many Steam games offline - here's how to turn on and use offline mode
Hurricanes on the scale of Katrina and Harvey are now 3 times more likely than a century ago: ...
"Switching your phone to dark mode could be a game-changer for your battery life, especially if ..."
15 people who became billionaires in 2019 - and 14 who lost their status in the three-comma club
T-Mobile shares slide on report that it might lose its CEO to WeWork (TMUS)
"How to add text over an image in Photoshop, and adjust the font or color"
"A whistleblower, a cover-up, and a quid pro quo: Here's everything we've learned from the ..."
The 10 most shocking travel stories of 2019
Google and a massive hospital system are reportedly collecting private health data on millions ...
"The life of Donald Trump Jr., who once lived out of a truck, didn't speak to his father for a ..."
"Disney Plus, Disney's ad-free streaming service will cost $6. ..."
Kohl's has released its Black Friday ad - here's what will be on sale
Why a former Army officer and West Point instructor feels only dread when watching students go ...
How to cancel a 'Best Offer' on eBay if your reason meets the site's requirements
"Nike, Old Navy, J.Crew, and others are launching sales to counter China's biggest shopping ..."
"Macy's Cyber Monday deals begin December 1 - here are a few early deals, and what we expect ..."
All the new shows you can watch on Disney+ - from 'The Mandalorian' to new Pixar shorts
China's new supersonic arsenal could give its H-6N bomber force greater reach
"I had steak at Peter Luger after The New York Times gave it a scathing zero-star review, and it ..."
Michaels is having a big Christmas tree sale - save up to 60% on all artificial trees
"I ate chicken nuggets from 6 fast-food chains, and the best were also the cheapest"
Michael Bloomberg is running for president in 2020. ...
"The best and worst Disney movies of every decade, according to critics"
"There are revenge porn laws on the books in 46 states, but victims say not enough is being done ..."
4 reasons the Air Force has a fuel problem - and how it can fix it
2 reasons why the 'Shining' sequel 'Doctor Sleep' flopped at the box office
Kim Kardashian says her shapewear line SKIMS is adding body tape and pasties in 3 different ...
The best flannel sheets
Twitter wants to stop 'malicious actors' from abusing next month's pivotal UK election so it's ...
Halle Berry's trainer reveals 6 exercises you can do at home to sculpt your abs and entire body
All the new kids' shows you can watch on Disney+ - from 'Vampirina' to the new reboot of ...
The best fleece jackets
"Every movie remake and sequel this year so far, ranked by critics"
"Disney Plus already has nearly 2 million subscribers in the US before launch, according to data ..."
Jessica Alba walked the red carpet in a couture gown that was hand-embellished with pearls and ...
