Democrat Andy Beshear appears to defeat Trump ally Kentucky Gov. Matt Bevin in a stunning upset
"Mississippi elects a governor on Tuesday, follow along for live results and vote counts in this ..."
"Kentucky elects Democrat Andy Beshear governor on Tuesday in tight race, watch the results as ..."
Gigi Hadid slams 'unrealistic expectations' after fans complained about her street style 'not ...
ClassPass is offering a 2-week free trial - here's how it works
I tried Jeffree Star and Shane Dawson's new makeup that sold out almost immediately after it ...
The Trump administration has started to pull the US out of the Paris climate agreement. ...
"'Frozen 2' creators didn't plan on making multiple films, but said 'never say never' when it ..."
Meghan Markle's best friend Jessica Mulroney shut down Instagram users who shamed her for ...
13 places everyone will be flocking to for retirement in the 2020s
10 of the best Thanksgiving meals served at chain restaurants
I used 3 strategies to save more than 50% on furniture for my new home
"Everything you need to know about 'His Dark Materials,' HBO's new epic fantasy series"
The cyclist who went viral for flipping off Trump's motorcade just won an election for her ...
Democrats take control of the Virginia State Senate and House of Delegates
"In a surprising twist, a Facebook executive tweeted in agreement with Elizabeth Warren on an ..."
"US oil output will overtake OPEC's by 2024, thanks to fracking"
The Conservatives edited interview footage to falsely suggest Labour's Keir Starmer was left ...
"A New Zealand man accidentally bought 1,000 chickens online for $0.96"
SoftBank reported an eye-watering $6.5 billion loss in the wake of WeWork's catastrophic failed IPO
5 awkward moments from 'The Little Mermaid Live!' and the one performance that made the show
Cabinet minister Alun Cairns quits on the day of Boris Johnson's election campaign launch
"'I shut my eyes,' SoftBank CEO Masayoshi Son says after losing more than $4.7 billion on WeWork"
"An Italian youth football team plans to wear blackface as an anti-racism gesture, and it has ..."
"Facebook admits to another data leak, saying that up to 100 developers accessed people's data ..."
A deleted scene from 'Joker' would have revealed the fate of one of the film's major characters
Boeing faces new whistleblower complaint as former engineer says faulty 787 Dreamliner systems ...
The largest US supermarket is waiving grocery-pickup fees and getting a radical new look
Civil rights leaders are lobbying Mark Zuckerberg to change his mind about allowing lies in ...
The Conservative Party chairman was empty-chaired on live TV as criticism mounts over ...
Colin Farrell is in talks to play Penguin in 'The Batman' starring Robert Pattinson
The crypto CEO who bailed on a $4.6 million lunch with Warren Buffett struck a deal with ...
Watch the moment a millennial MP in New Zealand shut down a heckling colleague with a ...
Germany posted a surprise rebound in manufacturing - the 'deep recession in German industry ...
Boris Johnson's Conservative party has received a surge in cash from Russian donors
The McDonald's CEO fired for his relationship with a subordinate has now been ousted as ...
"How to set a timer on your iPhone camera, and take a picture after a brief countdown"
4 types of unreliable bosses - and how to make sure you're not one of them
"A woman pulled a half-inch-long worm out of her eyeball after a trail run, and then found 3 more"
Putin says the Russian Navy's newest ship will soon carry a new hypersonic missile that may be ...
Ashley Graham showcased her maternity style in a sleeveless form-fitting gown
"The Boy Scouts of America sparked backlash in 2018 when it announced it would accept girls, but ..."
"If you have the original Google Pixel, it's officially time to upgrade (GOOG, GOOGL)"
A health system hidden in the heart of Pennsylvania is offering free tuition to its medical ...
"The Reddit geek who raked in $100,000 with 2 trades credits his parents, likes tech stocks, and ..."
Walmart is turning its international money transfer service into a marketplace
Target will start Black Friday on Thanksgiving Day
CVS' app for specialty drug adherence is yielding positive results for patients
"Ryanair quietly grounded Boeing 737 planes over 'pickle fork' cracking, becoming the latest ..."
Germany Mobile Payment Users 2019: Growth Will Be Modest in a Privacy-Conscious Cash Culture
Germany Digital Ad Spending 2019: Video and Social Propel Outlays to More than EUR$7 Billion
3 excuses you need to stop making when you're self-employed if you want to get paid more
"Amazon's livestreaming service Twitch just lost another big star, and this time it's YouTube ..."
"A homeless Detroit man bought an abandoned house for $1,500 and spent 10 years renovating it ..."
ABC News denied its own anchor's claim that Buckingham Palace threatened the network over ...
Amazon is slashing $40 off the cost of Prime memberships for all active and former military ...
"Conch may disappear from the Bahamas, so the government is stepping in"
Apple's 'See' director on why the TV series cost less than 'Game of Thrones' and if he'd return ...
Instagram is becoming a secret weapon for influencers who want to make money off selling ...
How traditional French Camembert is made using raw milk
Copycat traders are one-upping each other as they exploit Robinhood's 'infinite money' glitch ...
"You can pay for a lower interest rate on your mortgage upfront, but whether you should depends ..."
5 reasons why signing up for a rewards credit card ahead of the holidays can help you save ...
"Nintendo's best-selling game, 'Super Smash Bros. ..."
'Super Smash Bros. Ultimate' brings more than 70 characters to the Nintendo Switch - here ...
The Navy is slashing the number of new attack subs it plans to buy in a long-delayed contract
"First part of US-China trade deal could be delayed until December, report says"
"The 10 best countries to retire in 2019, according to expats"
Fans said they had to 'turn off' ABC's 'The Little Mermaid Live!' and called it a 'bust'
"Here's why 8.5 million users love Visual Studio Code, the free software that's helping ..."
"The world's largest cruise ship has everything from an ice rink to a zip line, but it's the ..."
"Hotel review: I spent a night at 1 Hotel Brooklyn Bridge and loved the waterfront location, ..."
The Croatian city featured in 'Game of Thrones' is so flooded with tourists that it might ban ...
"How to cancel a Venmo payment if you paid an inactive account, or send a request if you paid ..."
"It's International Stress Awareness Week - here's how Michelle Obama, Bill Gates, and other ..."
What the original 'Blade Runner' got right - and wrong - about 2019
Volkswagen unveiled 4 custom cars for SEMA that are ready for outdoor adventures
"After 200 years, all Marines are finally allowed to carry umbrellas"
How to update your Chromebook to get the latest features and keep it secure
39 thoughtful beauty gift sets that don't feel lazy
Amazon is celebrating Alexa's 5th birthday with a bunch of device deals - here are the best ...
"The Capital One Spark Cash earns 2% back on all your spending, and it's currently offering a ..."
Russia may have taken Israel's most advanced missile from Syria - and could figure out how to ...
Photos capture the incredible moment a hawk swooped down the aisle to deliver the rings during ...
"A deadly stabbing at Popeyes was linked to the return of the chicken sandwich, and it reflects ..."
Instagram's founder on whether he'd sell to Facebook again: 'When someone comes and offers you ...
The Navy just revealed the official seal for its newest aircraft carrier
"You can't delete your Venmo history, but you can make all past and future transactions private ..."
A financial expert says there's a strategy for claiming Social Security early that no one ...
