Buzzfeed will reportedly cut 15% of its staff
"I attended Instagram influencer Caroline Calloway's 5-hour, $165 creativity workshop that ..."
Ex-Tesla employees describe the abrupt way they were laid off and say questions linger (TSLA)
Here are the $60 million private jets that fly business leaders to Davos for the World Economic ...
"From 38,000 BC to now: this is how purses have changed over the years"
"22 unique, low-key gifts to celebrate your first Valentine's Day as a couple"
How the teams in the last 10 Super Bowls acquired their quarterbacks
"The government shutdown is forcing employees to ration and fundraise for medication, or put ..."
Billionaire Ken Griffin just bought a $238 million penthouse - and it's the most expensive ...
I flew on one of the 'worst airlines in America'. Here's why I'd do it again.
Dozens of wild horses were found dead at a dried-up waterhole in Australia as the region ...
8 popular packaged foods that go by different names around the world
I rode the subway in Taiwan and saw why it's one of the best mass transit systems in the world
"These stylish compression socks are perfect for sitting at a desk all day, traveling, or working out"
A treehouse-style resort nestled in the Costa Rica rainforest is the world's best hotel for ...
Ben & Jerry's is selling 3 new ice cream flavors that are packed with cookie dough core ...
TSA workers are reportedly living in their cars and not taking medicine because they can't afford it
I lost over 120 pounds in just under a year - here are 5 weight loss tips that worked for me
"Nintendo's biggest game of 2018 didn't arrive until December, yet it was still one of the ..."
Trump called New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft every week for a year to console him after ...
The best women's multivitamins you can buy
"After 4 new allegations of sexual misconduct, Bryan Singer could still make millions directing ..."
22 Republicans voted against blocking Trump from ditching NATO - here's why they said no
8 baking mistakes that are ruining your brownies
A casino giant says the new world's longest sea bridge is a 'game-changer' for its China ...
7 times people thought the world was going to end
"This might be the smartphone of the future: no holes, no ports, no wires, and no buttons"
"Uber and Lyft are having a devastating effect on public transportation, new research shows"
Russia's new stealth attack drone just leaked - and it may reveal details of Russia next ...
'Coached and written up for him': Nathan Phillips says Nick Sandmann's response to his viral ...
The former leader of Scotland has been charged with 9 sexual assaults and 2 attempted rapes
Everything you need to know about 'Conversations With a Killer: The Ted Bundy Tapes' before watching
Here's what no trade deal could mean for the US and China
