"Trump urges Venezuela's military to back its self-declared interim president, saying socialism ..."
North Carolina's elections director says there is evidence of significant voter fraud that ...
All of the essential phones and gadgets that are actually worth your money in 2019
"Marriott is offering a 100,000-point welcome bonus for its new luxury credit card - which ..."
Apple made a mistake by killing the iPhone SE (AAPL)
A former West Virginia official who was ousted after calling Michelle Obama an 'ape in heels' ...
Convicted kingpin 'El Chapo' Guzman is likely heading to the 'Alcatraz of the Rockies' - a US ...
Bernie Sanders would be the oldest president in US history
Kim Kardashian shoots down a conspiracy that she is in cahoots with Fashion Nova after the ...
Amy Klobuchar says she doesn't support free four-year college and called the Green New Deal and ...
An Air France passenger says a flight attendant offered to move her seat and 'just shrugged' ...
Walmart beats as online sales surge (WMT)
17 of Karl Lagerfeld's most iconic and controversial quotes
Twitter is the most popular social media platform for members of Congress - but prominent ...
A California lawmaker has proposed lanes with no speed limit on two of the state's busiest highways
A psychologist explains how Trader Joe's gets you to spend money
"Karl Lagerfeld owned more than 1,000 of his iconic high-collared shirts, and he helped design ..."
"At 77, Bernie Sanders would be the oldest president in history, but he insists he still has 'a ..."
Mercedes-Benz expects its Tesla rival to be sold out as soon as it becomes available
How to use Do Not Disturb on iPhone to optimize your time
The body of a Croatian woman who went missing 18 years ago has been found inside her sister's ...
A Galaxy S10 Plus commercial appears to have accidentally aired on TV ahead of Samsung's ...
Karl Lagerfeld famously pampered his cat. Here's what Choupette's lavish life is really like.
"Kendall Jenner, Noah Centineo, and Shawn Mendes all made an appearance in an intimate, ..."
