A tiny town in Oregon is fighting Facebook's attempts to install an undersea cable connecting ...
The best raincoats for dogs
House votes to bar Trump from attacking Iran without congressional authorization
I wear these high-waisted compression leggings more than a year postpartum and wish I had them ...
The Packers are offering $12 an hour for 700 shovelers to help clear snow before their huge ...
Trump ally and GOP Rep. Matt Gaetz comes out in strong support of a war-powers resolution ...
Prince Harry and Meghan Markle want to be 'financially independent. ...
Iran's claims for why it couldn't have shot down a Ukrainian airplane aren't adding up
"Lamar Jackson once sent an opposing high school coach into an existential crisis, but it turns ..."
Trump's impeachment trial could start as soon as next week
"Prince Harry and Meghan Markle want to become 'financially independent,' but they're already ..."
"The Dubrow diet is a weight loss plan built around intermittent fasting, and dietitians have ..."
The DASH diet can lower blood pressure - and dietitians say it's one of the healthiest ways to eat
"A day after skewering Trump officials for the Iran strike, GOP Sen. ..."
The 11 best hotels in San Francisco
The best photo from every month of Meghan Markle's royal life
How Howard the Duck ended up in a nearly blink-and-you'll-miss-it moment in 'Avengers: Endgame'
It looks like Iran is ready to start bombing its fake aircraft carrier again
"Inside the US Navy's mistaken shooting of Iran Air Flight 655 in 1988, which killed 290 people"
US intelligence reportedly indicates that Iran accidentally shot down the Ukrainian Airlines ...
Mike Pompeo admitted he didn't 'know precisely when' and where Iran was planning attacks used ...
Meghan Markle planned her bombshell departure as a senior royal with the company that built her ...
Trump went off at a rally after the House passed War Powers Resolution in a sharp rebuke over ...
'This airplane is designed by clowns': Damning Boeing emails reveal internal complaints made ...
Dr. Pimple Popper pulled fat deposits that looked like scrambled eggs and scalloped potatoes ...
"Iran is using bulldozers at the Ukrainian plane crash site, which could make it impossible to ..."
Prince Charles could take away the millions of dollars he gives to Prince Harry and Meghan ...
The tech buzzword of 2020 has already arrived after only 9 days: 'decentralized' (FB)
The new 'Lizzie McGuire' sequel show is on hold because the original creator is stepping down
A North Korean woman is under investigation after saving her 2 kids from a house fire - but ...
"From wearing a tie every day to killing his own meat, Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg has used New ..."
The 'Lion King' VFX team explain and defend why the animals in the remake don't show emotion: ...
"The 15 healthiest cities to live in the US in 2020, where people work out regularly, prioritize ..."
"How to turn off blue light on your iPhone with Night Shift, and make it easier to fall asleep ..."
Roger Federer will reportedly become the first billionaire in tennis in 2020
"The world's biggest currency exchange company was hacked, and the data is reportedly being held ..."
I compared the cheapest breakfast sandwiches at 5 fast-food restaurants and the $2. ...
A man proposed to his girlfriend during a screening of 'Sleeping Beauty' by editing himself ...
Panera plans to slash meat from half of its menu as customers seek vegetarian options and fear ...
An ex-con who was helped by prison consultants says Lori Loughlin should learn to 'be humble' ...
An architect designed luxury 'treehouse hotels' towering above a remote forest in a medieval ...
Monster warns US launch of Coke Energy will squeeze its shelf space and distract its bottlers
Elon Musk's 'UFO on a stick' devices for Starlink satellites may turn subscribers into the ...
"Spanx is best known for its shapewear, but its leggings are the real unsung heroes - we asked ..."
"Spotify introduces Spotify Podcast Ads, a measurement tool for podcast advertising"
Amazon's new health hire further hints at a public-facing Amazon Care
"I went inside Seattle's soon-to-close, 90-year-old Macy's store and found the building is ..."
How to export your iPhone contacts to an Excel spreadsheet using iCloud
"'So bad, it's good': A Wall Street analyst says recent struggles make it the perfect time to ..."
"Inside Walmart's store of the future, where robots can fill grocery orders up to 10 times ..."
'1917' is expected to dethrone 'Star Wars' at the box office this weekend after its Golden ...
Trump suffered a key loss in a defamation case brought by the columnist who accused him of rape
"'Can you pay cash for Uber Eats?': Yes, but not in the U.S. ..."
"Amazon fires multiple employees for leaking customer data, a year after a similar incident (AMZN)"
"5 baby registry must-haves for small spaces, according to a new mom"
The best car tech from CES 2020
"Tana Mongeau wished Noah Cyrus happy birthday with a flirty Instagram post, but she got her age ..."
How to delete a YouTube playlist using your desktop or the mobile app
"These are the unusual, colorful slides that mattress startup Casper is using to convince IPO ..."
"Goop is now peddling a vagina-scented candle for $75, and it sold out within hours"
12 inventions you'd think would work better by now
How to change the lock screen on your Mac computer to a custom image in 2 ways
Jeffree Star and Nathan Schwandt are fielding breakup rumors. ...
Casper warns investors that its business would be hurt if any of its 'thousands' of Instagram ...
Keir Starmer vows to 'pursue Boris Johnson relentlessly' and win the next election for the ...
"Cameron Diaz, who has retired from acting, is reportedly not hiring a nanny for her baby"
Disney executives didn't want to shy away from Mufasa's death in 'The Lion King' remake: 'Just ...
There's a glaring loophole in Trump's latest claim that Soleimani was plotting to attack US ...
Here's what kids' dream houses would look like in real life - and how much they'd cost
