Facebook bans deepfake videos and manipulated content from site
Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez defends saying that 'in any other country' she and Joe Biden 'would ...
'Jeopardy!' host Alex Trebek sends words of encouragement to Rep. ...
Terrifying video shows Australian air force pilots flying through a haze of orange smoke that ...
'It's 2020 - girls can do anything': Congresswoman fires back at former Navy SEAL opponent ...
"California has sued tech billionaire Vinod Khosla over beach access, reviving a decade-long ..."
Top US allies are abandoning Trump and warning ISIS will benefit following the assassination of ...
Impossible Foods is ramping up the plant-based breakfast battle with a new breakfast sandwich ...
Joel Embiid injured his finger and it looked awful
Dell's Alienware is building a portable Windows gaming PC with almost all the best features of ...
Trump officials are bending over backwards to say he didn't threaten to commit a war crime ...
Two couples whose Ring cameras were hacked have filed a lawsuit seeking class action status ...
Trump's airport security was breached by a dishonorably discharged US Marine who claimed he was ...
"We tracked over 1,000 people's gym habits throughout 2019, and found they didn't ditch their ..."
"Stocks to buy and avoid in 2020, real-estate investing tips, and how to trade the election"
"How to change a playlist's cover art in the Spotify app for iPhone, or add a custom image"
HSBC is facing backlash in Hong Kong after an account closure sparked anger among protestors
Pier 1 Imports is closing hundreds of its stores amid reports of an imminent bankruptcy. ...
The US is sending B-52 bombers to a Middle East hub amid tensions with Iran
"I ate 11 meals prepared in a tiny train kitchen during a 4-day journey across Canada, and I was ..."
Chris Hemsworth and his family are donating $1 million to Australia fire relief efforts
"How to change your Xbox One account password in 2 different ways, or set a passkey"
20 of the best foods to get Aldi this month for under $5
"Some Americans are ditching their mortgage to rent in retirement, and it shows how their ..."
TikTok could be the next battleground for political content
"Women are faster long-distance runners than men, and it's probably because they've got more estrogen"
The difference between Internet of Things vs. cloud computing and the top service providers
"How to find your next big idea and make it happen, from a CEO who's done it"
"All the luxurious travel items you get when you fly with US airlines in first class, business, ..."
3 graphics reveal the unimaginable scale of Australia's fires
Salesforce billionaire Marc Benioff was spotted front row at Ivanka Trump's controversial CES speech
How doctors will turn a breech birth before and during labor
"Larry David says he tried to convince the old Jets GM to draft Lamar Jackson, but only got a ..."
When to expect a baby to turn head down during pregnancy
"In 1980, a 34-year-old Donald Trump said the US should invade Iran in response to the hostage crisis"
The best immersion blenders
Courteney Cox and her daughter performed a choreographed dance for the 'Friends' star's TikTok debut
The greatest tournament in 'Jeopardy!' history pits 3 famous champs against each other this ...
"Under pressure, Michael Bloomberg faces a new court challenge to his company's use of ..."
"Lady Gaga told Oprah she takes an antipsychotic, and without it she would 'spiral very frequently'"
4 signs you're spending your retirement money too quickly
The 15 most daring outfits that Selena Gomez has ever worn
"Carlos Ghosn rips Nissan's investigation into his alleged conduct at the company, calling it a ..."
How to take a screenshot on an Xbox One and view your screenshots later
The 11 best hotels in Los Angeles
"Astronomers traced mysterious, repeating radio signals to a den of stars 500 light-years away. ..."
