'Birds of Prey' has a small funny bit after the credits that fans may want to stick around to see
'Birds of Prey' handles the absence of Jared Leto's Joker in the perfect way
"An official Kobe Bryant memorial looks likely on February 24 at the Staples Center, where he ..."
"Biden's prospects are dimmed after taking a 'gut punch' in Iowa, and he might not see a strong ..."
"Embattled e-cigarette company Juul raises $700 million in debt, amid financial strain and ..."
"Cruise ships, detention centers, seaside resorts, and motels: Photos show how travelers are ..."
Trump announces that a US operation has killed the al-Qaida leader who claimed responsibility ...
"Amazon plans to create 15,000 jobs in a suburb of Seattle, as tensions with its home city ..."
The number of US troops who say they've seen racism in the ranks jumped to more than one-third ...
The biggest difference between the All Star and collegiate cheerleading you see on 'Cheer' is ...
"Video shows how casually Patrick Mahomes called the game-changing play of the Super Bowl, and ..."
10 controversies from the Westminster Dog Show
Amazon's Prime Book Box is an affordable subscription service that makes it easy to order ...
"The 2020 Ford GT supercar will be even more hardcore, with 660 horsepower and a $250,000 ..."
27 unique Valentine's Day gift ideas for everyone in your life
China is sending trucks to spray bleach on entire cities as the country struggles to contain ...
The CEO of Credit Suisse resigned after an executive-level spying scandal engulfed the bank
Burberry's CEO says the coronavirus outbreak is having a 'material negative effect' on China demand
Thousands of Chinese doctors volunteered for the front line of the coronavirus outbreak. ...
Chinese citizens under coronavirus lockdown are making memes to cope with the boredom
Bloomberg campaign appears to have plagiarized parts of 8 campaign policies
'Birds of Prey' has a blink-and-you'll-miss-it nod to 'Suicide Squad' that could tell us more ...
Trump is reportedly considering dismissing impeachment witness Lt. Col. ...
16 details and references you may have missed in 'Birds of Prey'
"BIG TECH IN HEALTHCARE: Here's who wins and loses as Alphabet, Amazon, Apple, and Microsoft ..."
How deadly is the new coronavirus? Research so far suggests the fatality rate could be low.
LIVE RESULTS: Buttigieg and Sanders are nearly tied as the final votes from controversial Iowa ...
The 12 biggest questions we have after watching 'Birds of Prey'
Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez says some members of Congress are 'not smarter than a bartender'
"Patagonia is having a huge sale with up to 50% off some of its best styles, like the Synchilla ..."
"An astrologer explains why Jeff Bezos and Lauren Sanchez are compatible, according to the stars ..."
14 shows you probably didn't realize 'Game of Thrones' stars have been on
"US economy beats estimates, adds 225,000 jobs in January as wages grow"
The best home and furniture deals to expect during Prime Day 2020
"I drove a $101,000 BMW 840i Grand Coupe to find out if this luxury 4-door is the best Bimmer ..."
"The IRS isn't calling you - it's a scam, and here's what to do if it happens to you"
You can buy your loved one a heart-shaped box of Fireball shooters for Valentine's Day
Finland just gave both parents 7 months of parental leave. ...
This dish dispenser and brush set is more sustainable than a traditional sponge and just as ...
How growing consumer demand for tech solutions is accelerating innovation in financial services
Politicians have a long history of using food to get people to vote for them - and this ...
"Trump and Xi think coronavirus could delay promised China purchases, Kudlow says"
"You'll need a brokerage account if you want to start investing, and they're easy to open online"
"How to manually update your Apple TV, or set it to update automatically in the background"
