US Navy secretary on transgender people in the military: 'Any patriot' should be able to serve
"A judge stopped Texas' controversial sanctuary city ban from being enforced, but the fight ..."
White House is reportedly considering replacing Rick Perry at the Energy Department
Q-tips will never actually get rid of your earwax
Arsenal comes back to beat Leicester City to kick off the Premiere League season in dramatic fashion
Trump: 'I'm not going to rule out a military option' for Venezuela
Buccaneers waive Roberto Aguayo - the kicker they traded up to draft in the second round - ...
Multiple injuries reported after a car plows through counter-protesters at white nationalist ...
An 18-year-old who just graduated high school explains which apps Gen Z is currently obsessed with
"Appalled by 'crazy' broker fees, 2 ex-Googlers founded a site they say has saved renters over ..."
A 'beer sommelier' explains how pouring a beer the wrong way can give you a stomach ache
TRUMP RESPONDS TO CHARLOTTESVILLE: 'There is no place for this kind of violence in America'
Aubrey Plaza and Elizabeth Olsen talk about the 'scary' side of social media that inspired ...
'A right to speech is not a right to violence': Politicians condemn violence at white ...
PHOTOS: What the first day of school looks like in 12 countries around the world
How a plan to resettle 100 Syrian refugees ripped apart a small Vermont town
Driverless cars could provide a boost to productivity
"24 favorite books of executives, founders, and CEOs that everyone should read"
Oracle is quietly becoming the most intriguing company in advertising (ORCL)
Virginia governor declares state of emergency as white nationalist rally in Charlottesville ...
One of the stock market's biggest opportunities is being ignored
A cult Midwest chain is better than In-N-Out and Shake Shack - here's what it's like to eat there
Sergio Garcia is now a major champion - here's how he spends his millions and lives his life ...
"Trump condemns 'hatred, bigotry, and violence on many sides' after deadly white nationalist ..."
Former KKK leader David Duke strikes out at Trump for condemning a white nationalist rally: 'It ...
How the fired Google engineer completely missed the point on diversity
Don't listen to rich people - inequality is bad for everyone
It has been one year since the Rio Olympics - Here are 75 of the best photos from the games
These 17 stocks have the highest exposure to emerging markets
Tesla has done away the old-school key and even the key fob for the Model 3 (TSLA)
'We must call evil by its name': Trump gets slammed for not specifically condemning white ...
