The Russian spies next door
Megyn Kelly learned what not to ask Jane Fonda and other things that happened this week
Daddy Yankee goes where Uncle Sam isn't
San Juan mayor on Trump: No time for this
Honore: 'The mayor's living on a cot'
"'The mayor's living on a cot,' Honore says"
Honore to Trump: Have fun golfing
'Despacito' singer comes to Puerto Rico's aid
"Price out, other cabinet members being investigated"
Bodycam video of NFL star released
'Let's Make a Deal' host Monty Hall dies at 96
San Juan mayor on Trump: I have no time for this
'SNL' hammers Trump over response to Puerto Rico
Tom Price broke President Trump's cardinal rule
Remains ID'd as woman missing from base
Tillerson: US has direct channels to N. Korea
Warren: Canada is giving US a wake-up call
"Costas: Stand for anthem, then take a knee"
Engine failure over Atlantic forces emergency landing
Ousted Uber CEO shakes up board
Air France engine failure forces emergency landing in Canada
Gupta: Medicine not getting to Puerto Rico doctors
San Juan mayor: Trump used to women who need instruction
O.J. Simpson is released from prison
Analysis: Trump's last 7 days are just mind-bogglingly bad
BREAKING: O.J. Simpson is released from prison
The former NFL star is out on parole after serving 9 years for kidnapping and armed robbery
A friend picks up O.J. Simpson after his release
"O.J. Simpson's rise and fall, from football star to prisoner"
What's next for O.J. Simpson?
Puerto Ricans fire back after Trump tweets
Catalan independence vote begins in chaos as police seize ballot boxes
Analysis: Trump's last 7 days incredibly bad
'SNL' returns with Trump mockery
O.J.'s lawyer: I've never heard him so upbeat
San Juan mayor: Trump's used to women who need instruction
Monty Hall of 'Let's Make a Deal' dies at 96
Trump sent 18 tweets and made things a whole lot worse
"Honore: 'The mayor's living on a cot, and I hope the President has a good day at golf'"
Monty Hall of 'Let's Make a Deal' dies
Teen raises money for solar lamps
The President tapped out 18 defensive and dark tweets - starting with an attack on San Juan's mayor
O.J. Simpson freed from prison after serving 9 years
From football star to prisoner: O.J. Simpson's rise and fall
"'Trump's Katrina?' No, it's much worse"
Trump can't accept brown people and women calling him out
Canada's wake-up call to the US on NAFTA
Cardona: Trump is a joke of a president
'SNL' hammers Trump over his response to Puerto Rico
"We finally have a female infantry officer, but now comes the hard part"
Catalan vote in chaos as police clash with voters
Car attacks in Canada investigated as acts of terrorism
Catalonia in chaos as police clash with voters
New detectors reveal a cosmic calamity
Scandal 101: How Equifax repeated Wells Fargo's mistakes
Do these startup execs feel successful?
What happened when I tried to freeze my credit
"1 dead in knife attack at Marseille, France train station"
Sanders: Trump attacking the mayor is 'unspeakable'
Honore: 'I hope the President has a good day at golf'
"With a female Marine infantry officer, the hard part begins"
"2 dead in knife attack at Marseille, France train station"
'ICU Grandpa' cradles babies when parents can't
Fatal stabbings in Marseille treated as terrorism
Report: Trump called Jerry Jones 4 times about Cowboys' protest
Obama joins Prince Harry at Invictus Games
Colbert issues awkward picture challenge
Goldman attorney is ready for 'round two' with O.J. Simpson
O.J. Simpson freed from prison
Goldman attorney is ready for 'round two'
Magazine legend Si Newhouse dies
Trump tweets Tillerson is 'wasting his time' negotiating with North Korea
Kasich hints at leaving GOP if it's not 'fixed'
Mulvaney: Too early to judge Trump tax plan
"Trump tweeted, ""...Save your energy Rex, we'll do what has to be done!"""
Trump's 18 tweets on Puerto Rico make things worse
Puerto Ricans fire back at Trump
Vehicle attacks in Canada investigated as terrorism
"Football players kneel, kicked off team"
'SNL' star opens up about disorder
"Opinion: New 'telescopes' show what happened in a galaxy far, far away"
Transgender teen murdered in Missouri
Bourdain: What would you give up to live like this?
President tweets that Tillerson is 'wasting his time trying to negotiate with Little Rocket Man'
Trump sent 18 tweets on Puerto Rico and made things a whole lot worse
2 women stabbed to death in French attack
Vogue publisher dies at 89
Trump's tweets: A presidential wrecking ball
O.J. Simpson released from prison
Goldman attorney ready for 'round two' with O.J. Simpson
"A sunken warship, a lost hero and a family reunited"
Opinion: Trump's tweets are a presidential wrecking ball
Ex-Congressman who threatened to throw a reporter off a balcony is running again
"With female Marine infantry officer, hard part begins"
Hundreds injured as Spain cracks down on Catalan referendum
Crackdown in Catalonia as Spain tries to halt independence vote
What's behind the push to break from Spain?
Trump: Tillerson 'wasting his time' negotiating with North Korea
"Deadly knife attacks in Marseille, France, treated as terror attack"
Five hurt as Edmonton attacks spark terror investigation
"New 'telescopes' show what happened in a galaxy far, far away"
Two feminists on what it was like to work at Hef's Playboy
Only 11 players didn't stand for anthem in early NFL games Sunday
Navarro on Trump's P.R. tweets: How dare he
Opinion: SNL is right - Trump's chaos is part of a plan
Outgoing Sen. Corker: 'I stand by' my criticism of Trump
Reporters are in Puerto Rico to tell an important story
Miranda: Trump 'going straight to hell'
Navarro on Trump's tweets: How dare he
"High school players kneel, kicked off team"
Looking back at the week in politics
Colbert donates $1K when celebs do this
"700 injured, and Spain says Catalan independence vote 'didn't happen'"
Transgender teen brutally murdered
ISIS flag found in vehicle used in attack on police in Canada
Bourdain: What would you give up to live in a utopia like this?
Concordski: What ever happened to Soviets' spectacular rival to Concorde?
Do you drink enough water?
Questions about the President's competence grow louder the more he ignores presidential norms
President tweets that Tillerson is 'wasting his time trying to negotiate' with North Korea
Navarro to Trump defender: Not today
"12 days after Hurricane Maria hit, only 5% of Puerto Rico has electricity"
Anti-cop rhetoric goes too far
"800 injured, and Spain says Catalan independence vote 'didn't happen'"
Sanders: Trump attacking the San Juan mayor is 'unspeakable'
Israel Fast Facts
Catalans vote to split from Spain amid violent crackdowns at the polls
Cuomo: Puerto Ricans can't be lying
