GOP takes another step back from Senate candidate accused of pursuing women when they were teens
Moore accuser: I thought he would rape me
Trump and McConnell talked about how to handle Moore situation
4 killed in shootings at 7 locations
Australians vote a resounding 'yes' to same-sex marriage
Some democrats concerned that Trump is too 'unstable' for nukes
10 moments to remember from Sessions' testimony
"Sessions' denials on Russia, explained"
N.Korea: 3 US aircraft carriers creating 'worst ever' situation
"Hate crimes are on the rise, FBI reports"
Battle to save beached sperm whales
Bigger tragedy averted: Shooter locked out of school
Is 'King Kong of slug' worth $200M deal?
"Elementary school officials saved countless lives by quickly going to lockdown, authorities say"
California shooting leaves 5 dead and 10 wounded
Analysis: Session's huge contradiction
Roy Moore loses RNC fundraising deal
Sheriff describes multiple crime scenes
Watch GoPro film its own lava death
Former worker: Moore on mall watch list
Anderson Cooper calls out Sessions' selective memory
Man in military uniform goes on Zimbabwe TV amid political tensions
"8 weeks, 1 question: Australia's same-sex marriage survey"
Where rights stand on same-sex marriage around the world
People's Sexiest Men Alive
Roy Moore says media is harassing him
Moore loses RNC fundraising deal
Ex-worker: Moore on mall watch list
Should we fear killer robots?
Grassley calls WikiLeaks exchanges with Donald Trump Jr. 'innocuous'
Menendez judge not ready to declare mistrial
Tuesday marked the first-ever Run For Office Day. Here's what that means.
Former employee: Moore was on mall watch list
'Nothing about it felt right': More than 50 people describe sexual harassment on Capitol Hill
People picks 2017 'Sexiest Man Alive'
Jeff Sessions' credibility slips as reports of contacts between Trump associates and Russians emerge
Moore says media is harassing him
Individual mandate repeal to be included in Senate's tax bill
Gunman who killed 4 was locked out of school. Countless lives saved
Gunman killed; multiple weapons found
Zimbabwe army denies military takeover in live address on state TV
Clarissa Ward: Rohingya accounts are among most harrowing I've heard
Papa John's: We didn't mean to be divisive about NFL protests
"By combining Obamacare with taxes, GOP goes for it all"
Analysis: Sessions' huge contradiction
North Korean defector begs China to free his family
Clarissa Ward: Rohingya stories among most harrowing I've heard
Rohingya Muslims risk lives to cross border
Rock icon returns award in protest
The political fight is only beginning
The state of same-sex marriage around globe
Airbus lands huge airplane order
N. Korea: US carriers create 'worst' situation
Opinion: Should we fear killer robots?
Soldiers patrol the streets. The decades-long rule of Robert Mugabe may be coming to an end
Zimbabwe military: We are not taking over
Zimbabwe political crisis: What's happening?
Young Zimbabweans face up to Robert Mugabe
Analysis: The big contradiction in Sessions' Russia testimony
Women in D.C. have a lawmaker 'creep list'
Gunman dead; multiple weapons found
Man arrested for 1983 murder of wife
Opinion: Louis C.K. never asked us to admire him
Soldiers are seen patrolling the streets. The whereabouts of President Robert Mugabe are uncertain
'Gucci Grace' and other key players in Zimbabwe politics
'We came here and we are at your mercy'
Man arrested in 1983 murder of wife
Soldiers are patrolling the streets. President Robert Mugabe's whereabouts are uncertain
Airbnb to limit home rentals in its biggest city
"Childbirth is killing black women in the US, and here's why"
"Humans caged, lions roam free"
Beer made from unwanted bread
"By combining Obamacare with tax reform, GOP goes all in"
Analysis: The big contradiction in Jeff Sessions' Russia testimony
Shooter dead; multiple weapons found
How active shooters are changing school security in the US
Soldiers are patrolling the streets. President Robert Mugabe's whereabouts remain uncertain
Shooter readiness has become the new normal at most schools
"Tillerson refuses to label Rohingya crisis 'ethnic cleansing,' calls for investigation"
Mugabe's fate unknown
Boeing and Airbus announce huge deals
Newly discovered nearby planet could support life
Tanks are in the streets of the capital. President Robert Mugabe is confined to his home
Shooter dead; multiple guns found
How men are benefiting from 'marrying up'
How does your child's screen time measure up?
FDA approves pill with digital tracking device
Zimbabwe leader Mugabe to make statement
US urges calm in approach to apparent coup
This mystery object may be our first visitor from another solar system
Jupiter and Venus meet in the sky
Zimbabwe army spokesman denies military takeover is underway. President Mugabe is under house arrest
Tanks on streets in Zimbabwe capital
Arrested UCLA basketball players return to US
The world looks to America to defend press freedom
What repealing Obamacare's individual mandate means
Companies learn the hard way: Think before you tweet
Neighbor dispute may have led to California shootings
"He told gunman: Shoot me, not kids"
N. Korea warns Trump will 'pay dearly'
Defector begs China to free his family
Robert Mugabe: What you need to know
N. Korea state media takes on Trump
People auctioned for $400
The tiny car that runs on hydrogen and emits only water
Kim Kardashian West confirms sex of baby
9 laundry tips for sensitive skin
The material so black your eyes can't see it
Home of 'biggest indoor rainforest' to create oasis in Chinese city
Senate Republicans want to repeal the Obamacare individual mandate as part of tax overhaul
Obvious differences in House and Senate tax plans
Analysis: GOP tax plans could fuel suburban revolt against Trump
Some states are rolling back 'retroactive Medicaid'
The big contradiction in Jeff Sessions' Russia testimony
Analysis: Sessions tiptoes around questions of basic democratic norms
Apparent coup underway in Zimbabwe
"He told killer: Shoot me, not kids"
Scientists sign dire warning to humanity
Cards Against Humanity buys land on Mexico border to stump Trump's wall plan
How women's progress is boosting men
McConnell floats Sessions' name to replace Roy Moore
Borger: Defending Moore is a fool's errand
"Who is Doug Jones, the Democratic Alabama hopeful?"
Auburn holds key to playoff chaos
Celtics roll to 13 straight wins
Situation at home is so desperate that the risk does not deter them
Trump: Tax cut is my Christmas gift to you
Zimbabwe army seizes power from President Mugabe
"It's a 'bloodless' coup, US official says"
Papa John's: We didn't mean to be divisive
McConnell floats Sessions to replace Roy Moore
Cards Against Humanity buys land to block Trump's border wall
Amazon is cutting prices at Whole Foods again
The buried treasure that's tearing this state apart
"Yes, that was Taylor Swift in Target"
Watch CEOs cast doubt on tax reform's big sell
Trump wants credit for UCLA players' release
Grassley calls WikiLeaks exchanges with Trump Jr. 'innocuous'
"Sessions' many denials on Russia, explained"
"North Korea heaps insults on Trump, warns he will 'pay dearly'"
Apparent coup in Zimbabwe
Zimbabwe army seizes power from President
Military denies coup but is still in charge. President is under house arrest.
President Robert Mugabe: What you need to know
Coast Guard offloads $300m in cocaine
Childbirth is killing black women in the US. Here's why
Woman drives hours to avoid cesarean
Midwife helps pregnant women denied health insurance
Doulas help low-income women during birth
Parking ticket blunder costs NYC $26m
'Free Meek Mill!': Protesters want justice
ADA fired after lashing out at Uber driver
Lawyer defends father of Sherin Mathews
PD: Man died after being shot by teenager
Family builds mini Superdome in backyard
Trump wants UCLA players to thank him for their freedom
McConnell floats Sessions as write-in candidate to replace Roy Moore
"Fox News anchor fact-checks his own network on Clinton, uranium deal"
A brewery and biking: 'The Sound of Music' family hotel goes modern
8 awesome ways to do Vail year-round
The long-shot path to a Senate victory would serve two purposes for the GOP
Moore says he's being harassed by media over allegations
RNC withdraws from fundraising agreement with Moore campaign
Analysis: Run. Elect. Repeat. Really?
"Fox News anchor fact-checks his network on Clinton, uranium deal"
Dems protest GOP tax bill
Analysis: Trump goes after basic democratic norms and Sessions tiptoes
Trump University court case
Scientists issue dire warning to humanity
Can the Celtics make it 14 straight wins Thursday?
Pope gets a new Lamborghini - and auctions it off
Consumer watchdog chief steps down
These founders think shaving is too expensive
Blake Shelton named 'Sexiest Man Alive'
Why NBA stars are turning to veganism
2017's 'Sexiest Man Alive' is ...
Dad recreates Harry Potter's Diagon Alley in the driveway
Lent Fast Facts
Trump wants 3 basketball players held in China to thank him for freeing them. That isn't exactly presidential
Student-athletes accused of shoplifting in China arrive back in US
Analysis: Trump goes after basic democratic norms
Analysis: 'Modern Day Presidential' really isn't working for Trump
Some Dems worry that Trump is too 'unstable' for nukes
Americans told to stay home or in hotels
Run. Elect. Repeat. Really?
North Korea warns Trump will 'pay dearly'
Analysis: Defending Moore is a fool's errand
Cooper breaks down Sessions' recollection
Both chambers say they're largely on track with tax plan
Body of California shooter's wife found under floor at home
Apparent coup in Zimbabwe; Mugabe under house arrest
House Dems introduce articles of impeachment
Cilizza: 4 reasons a Sessions write-in campaign might fail
Rose McGowan surrenders to authorities on drug charges
Maternal mortality is the shame of US health care
Displaced by floods and expecting a baby
Why US birth-related deaths are on the rise
"This Is Birth: C-sections, IVF and surrogacy"
Plans for Vietnam 'sky forest' unveiled
"Gunman went on deadly rampage a day after hiding his wife's body under the floorboards, authorities say"
McConnell floats Sessions to replace Moore
Analysis: 4 reasons a Sessions write-in campaign might fail
Analysis: Why Trump wants 3 basketball players to thank him
Rose McGowan surrenders to authorities
Apparent coup in Zimbabwe; President under house arrest
Some states reluctant to join DOJ against AT&T-Time Warner deal
Fox News anchor fact-checks his network on Clinton and uranium deal
Why the darkest material on earth will appear at the Winter Olympics
This tiny Welsh car bets that hydrogen is the future
Get to know Abu Dhabi's newest cultural monument
Apparent military coup in Zimbabwe
Americans in Zimbabwe told to stay home or in hotels
UCLA players arrested in China are suspended
Analysis: What Trump's UCLA tweet reveals
Senate tax cuts  for businesses are permanent. Yours are temporary
President Trump speaks after his Asia trip
Trump touts 'respect' he saw on Asia trip
Steven Mnuchin's wife strikes a pose with a sheet of money
How Louis C.K. teaches us about art vs. artist
Trump: US won't tolerate 'unfair trade'
Player says NBA should allow marijuana use
Trump: US world standing never stronger
Hannity: Roy Moore has 24 hours
UCLA players publicly apologize
How North Korea is hacking companies and governments
Saudi Arabia wants its own Amazon or Google
Creating the world's best bar
Inside one of the Maldives' priciest resorts
'The Sound of Music' family hotel goes modern
UCLA players arrested in China are benched. One thanks Trump for intervening
Hawaii mental hospital escapee is found in California
Roy Moore's attorney invokes MSNBC host's cultural 'background'
Senate tax cuts for businesses are permanent. Yours are temporary
President paints his trip through Asia as a huge success that restored US standing in the world
Trump: We must denuclearize North Korea
Analysis: Donald Trump's dry-mouthed victory lap
6 takeaways from Trump's Asia trip
Trump's embrace of Asia's red carpet overshadows results
"Citrus trees, private jets and other special-interest wins in the GOP tax bill"
He shot his wife before heading to school
Rubio gives Trump pointers on drinking water during speech
Treasury chief and wife strike a pose with a sheet of money
Attorney to accuser: Release yearbook
Army seizes power in Zimbabwe
Star wants NBA to 'legalize' marijuana
Opinion: World looks to US on press freedom
NBA stars are turning to veganism
Can this plant-based patty really satisfy a burger lover?
Want to go vegan? These products can help
It wasn't spinach that caused this man's 'Popeye' arm
Christy Turlington Burns: Maternal mortality America's shame
Ivanka Trump: 'There's a special place in hell for people who prey on children'
"Inscription in accuser's yearbook will be shown to handwriting experts for verification, attorney says"
Ivanka Trump: Special place in hell for people who prey on kids
Trump is still silent on Roy Moore scandal
"Citrus trees, private jets and other special-interest wins in GOP tax bill"
Republican Sen. Ron Johnson comes out against tax bill
Trump claims 'America is back' after Asia trip
"Trump dossier made without paid sources, firm says"
Cooper calls out Sessions' selective memory
NBA stars are turning vegan
"Inscription in accuser's yearbook should be shown to handwriting experts for verification, attorney says"
Rubio gives Trump pointers on how to drink water during a speech
Ezekiel Elliott gives up appeal of 6-game suspension
Family offering reward for info in deadly hit-and-run
Woman climbs through McDonald's window
'NutriBullet' users file consumer lawsuit
Woman killed at dangerous intersection
Students evacuated after pipe bursts
Gov Wolf expected to create 500 jobs
Man sexually assaults teen on NYC subway
New to St. Louis and targeted twice; 'I am defeated'
Man accused of killing 3-month-old infant
Fired Asst. D.A. gives her side of incident
Dallas takes new approach to panhandlers
'Toxic' odor plagues Chicago neighborhood
Senate candidate's attorney demands accuser hand over inscription for verification by experts
He shot his wife before going on rampage
