Medicare spent $2 billion for one drug as the manufacturer paid doctors millions
Rep. Waters to Trump: How dare you?
Stars of '90s sitcom reunite for new show
"Doctors said he needed a drug to control spasms. By then the price had risen from $1,600 to $23,000 a vial."
Rep. Waters to Trump: How dare you
Serena Williams goes to Prince Harry's polo match with Meghan Markle
Report: Kevin Durant to return to Warriors
The Russian World Cup star who doesn't speak Russian
The United States begins the world's largest naval exercises in the Pacific as it seeks to impress allies and counter China
State Department risks China's ire with request for US Marines in Taiwan
"China will not give up 'any inch of territory' in the Pacific, Xi tells Mattis"
Iran protest turns violent; at least 1 death reported
"'Dancing Doctor' agrees to suspension of medical license, records show"
Here's why prescription drug prices are so high
Mayor: Hit protesters with water cannons
"Ancient Pompeii victim not crushed by stone block, after all"
Why fast food chains like to sell you Frankenfood
College swimmer's warm-up moves go viral
"GOP Sen. Tim Scott says he and Trump didn't end up agreeing, but he felt the talk was constructive"
One word shows how we've changed way we talk about race
Anderson Cooper: Trump doesn't initially defy racism
The blurring of racial lines won't save America. Why 'racial fluidity' is a con
Rep. Waters scolds Trump: How dare you
Singer: Resist temptation to disengage
Ex-ICE spokesman defends agents: 'They have a rough time with this too'
Doctors said he needed a drug to control spasms. By then the price rose to $23K a vial.
The 5 most expensive drugs in the US
CNN anchor: Trump uses racism to appeal to base
"9 stabbed at apartment complex, suspect in custody"
Crowds gathered throughout the country to protest Trump's immigration policy. Here are top moments.
How the protests unfolded
A 12-year-old girl gives a powerful speech
Ex-ICE spokesman defends agents
'Hamilton' creator sings for separated families
"Senator calls race discussion with Trump 'painful,' but hopeful"
Trump asks Saudis to boost oil production
John Legend: We must do something
EPA ethics official pushed for Pruitt probe
9 stabbed at apartment complex
Ancient Pompeii victim not crushed by stone block
What is Canada Day? We explain
The best July 4 events across the US
12-year-old girl's powerful speech at rally goes viral
"Mexican voters to pick president and more than 3,000 other officials"
Audio released of 'Permit Patty' 911 call
'Spider-Man's' first day on the job in Paris
"One injured in Iran water protests, interior minister says"
Kids in immigration court face life and death consequences
"Trump claims he never pressured House GOP on immigration, despite tweeting otherwise"
5 takeaways from Supreme Court's term
Watch rocket explode seconds after liftoff
Divers close in on missing soccer team
"Where every NBA free agent has signed, so far"
"Trump claims he never pressured House GOP to pass overhauls, despite tweeting otherwise"
The plea heard across America: Families belong together
John Legend: Opening up Twitter feels like a horror show
Collins: Won't support SCOTUS pick hostile to abortion rights
Sen. Duckworth takes swipe at McConnell
Hear the 911 call 'Permit Patty' says she didn't make
Russia evens it a 1-1
Twitter's having a hard time without these stars
They felt ostracized as LGBTQ skateboarders. So they did something about it.
Trump should pick a woman for Supreme Court
My son's death proves harm of weaponizing belief
"GOP Sen. Susan Collins, a key vote in the coming Supreme Court confirmation fight, said she would not vote for a nominee hostile to Roe v. Wade"
Sen. Duckworth takes swipe at McConnell using his own words
Opinion: Trump should pick a woman for Supreme Court
5 takeaways from a momentous Supreme Court term
Canada hits $13 billion of US goods with new tariffs
Young girl's powerful speech goes viral
Mexico's election: Five things to know
Takei: The bitter irony of the travel ban ruling
Video shows cop stun-gun unarmed man
John Legend: Twitter feels like a horror show
How deaf and blind man experiences World Cup
'Abolish ICE' is a massive political mistake
Why Acosta shouts questions at Trump
Bolton says there's a one-year plan for North Korea to denuclearize
Andy Murray withdraws from Wimbledon
Cop stun-guns man sitting on sidewalk
12-year-old girl's powerful speech goes viral
Russia outlasts Spain
Canada retaliated against US steel and aluminum tariffs by slapping its own penalties on American exports
Trump's tariffs backfire on Harley-Davidson
Trump had a chance to cut Canada's dairy tariffs. He walked away
Collins won't back anyone hostile to abortion rights
Russia shocks Spain with victory on penalty kicks
Trump should pick woman for Supreme Court
Opinion: Trump is clueless about the global market
"Croatia, Denmark score early"
The Russian star who doesn't speak Russian
Opinion: 'Abolish ICE' is a political mistake
'Abolish ICE' isn't about open borders
George Takei: I share the dread of today's discrimination victims
Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez: 'A lot of districts' are like mine
Duckworth: Can't win Midwest if too far left
"Sen. Tim Scott calls race discussion with Trump 'painful,' 'uncomfortable,' but 'hopeful'"
Driver attempts to swallow drug evidence
Soldier that died during training laid to rest
Sheriff: Dogs blamed for killing off livestock
1 arrested in nightclub shooting
Convict escapes prison in helicopter
Neighbor calls police on a 12-year-old boy for mowing the wrong lawn
How Magic Johnson paved the way for LeBron
Hear 911 call 'Permit Patty' says she didn't make
Croatia vs Denmark comes down to penalties
The royal family made even more money in 2017
They felt ostracized as LGBTQ skateboarders. So they did something about it
Sen. Duckworth takes swipe at Mitch McConnell
Canada won't be pushed around by the US
This is so much better than Cancun
"Here's how inmates used helicopters, yoga and fruit to escape prison"
Man found after house explosion dies
Mom: Gas station workers saved baby
Opinion: Canada won't be pushed around by the US
US and North Korean officials meet to discuss implementing agreement between countries
"52-year-old suspect arrested in Colorado wildfire that has burned over 41,000 acres"
Croatia beats Denmark in nail-biting penalties
Forget the World Cup. The largest soccer crowd this weekend was in Atlanta
Officials meet to discuss implementing US-North Korea agreement
"Mother, daughter reunited after 62 days"
"Mexican voters to pick president and more than 18,000 other officials"
Start your Monday smart: What's happening this (holiday) week
6 children among stabbing victims at Idaho apartment complex
Mexico votes for a new president
Forget the World Cup. The largest crowd this weekend was in Atlanta
Croatia beats Denmark in dramatic penalty shootout
Sen. Duckworth takes swipe at Mitch McConnell with his own words
