"Analysis: Nunes memo unveiling prompts question of how Trump, the FBI and Congress will react"
Analysis: What the disputed memo actually proves
Nunes says he didn't read FISA applications
"54,000 bridges in the US in need of repair, study finds"
Man who sold ammo to Las Vegas killer is arrested
"16 more children dead from flu with worst to come, CDC says"
Kate Upton accuses Guess exec of harassment
How to talk about the big game if you don't know what to say
Why you remember these Super Bowl ads
A tale of two quarterbacks
Cost of Super Bowl tickets up 31% over last year
Can Pats and Eagles fans handle 'This Is Us'? reveal after the game?
Cell phone radiation study finds more questions than answers
Mass grave may belong to Viking Great Army
Nunes hints that there's more to come
Breaking down the memo: 5 takeaways
"Memo controversy is 'doing Putin's job,' McCain says"
Dad who lunged at Nassar apologizes
Fed forces Wells Fargo to drop 4 from board
Report: NBA star won't be punished for shoving fan who invaded court
'Black Panther' ticket sales ahead of all other superhero films
Give Trump more nuclear weapons and more ways to use them? Not a good idea
Here's what's behind the disputed four-page document and its potential fallout
Did the Nunes memo undermine its own core argument?
Analysis: The memo's most interesting part is Trump's reaction
Fed drops the hammer on Wells Fargo
Report: Fan who got in NBA star's face on the court is banned
'Jeopardy!' category stumps contestants
Give Trump more nuclear weapons? Not a good idea
Trump getting more nukes and more ways to use them?
Kenneth Cole: Remembering Dr. Mathilde Krim
"Trump fights back, no matter the cost"
Patriots go for 6th win as Eagles seek upset
Opinion: The real shock of the Nunes memo
"In Natalie Wood case, beware Hollywood theories"
Sender of Hawaii missile alert thought '100% it was real'
"Firing guns, finding bodies: Life for Yemen's child soldiers"
Expelled lawmaker leaves with mic drop
"North Korea earned $200 million by violating sanctions, UN report says"
Lady Gaga cancels final tour dates due to 'severe pain'
Nikki Haley: Russia meddled in US election
Missing woman found on 'The Bachelor'
Nassar survivor: 'Have fun in prison'
Yemen Fast Facts
Hawaii false missile alert sender says he 'thought 100 percent it was real'
The texts loved ones sent during the Hawaii missile alert mishap
Read the disputed memo
Does the memo undermine its own core argument?
James Comey on Nunes memo: That's it?
"54,000 US bridges need repairs, study finds"
North Korea is dodging sanctions with fish and front firms in Mozambique
Watch CNN catch N. Korean fishermen
Worker who sent Hawaii missile alert thought '100% it was real'
Man who sold ammo to Vegas gunman arrested
This is why the Dow is plunging
Flu has killed 53 children since October
Kenya TV stations shutdown enters 5th day
CNN host on memo release: For what?
"US skater breaking barriers, chasing gold"
"A whale says ""hello."" Here's the week's politics-free news."
Stormy Daniels skips debut on 'The View'
Analysis: The most interesting part of the memo? Trump's reaction
"Cuts to CDC epidemic programs will endanger Americans, former chief says"
Man arrested after shooting foreigners in Italy
Hawaii missile alert sender: 'I thought 100 percent it was real'
Vegas gunman's ammo dealer arrested
'Australian flu': It's not from Australia
Life for Yemen's child soldiers
Rotten Tomatoes condemns plan to flood 'Black Panther' with negative reviews
A whale learns to say 'hello.' Here's the week's politics-free news.
Students' reaction to film surprise goes viral
Nightclub Fires Fast Facts
Gordon Brown Fast Facts
Trump calls investigations into possible ties between his campaign and Russia 'an American disgrace'
The GOP/Nunes memo: 5 takeaways
Legal fund set up for White House staffers
Document shows GSA employees spending at the Trump Hotel in DC
Bernie Sanders is showing how he'd run against Trump in 2020
Trump threatens to cut aid to countries that don't stop drug flow into US
"Opinion: In Natalie Wood case, beware Hollywood theories"
Is this a 'radical' picture of Obama?
DOJ requests dismissal of Manafort's lawsuit against Mueller
Trump's ambassador pick for Singapore drops out
Analysis: Millions have Janet Yellen to thank for their jobs
"CDC cuts put us at risk, former chief says"
MMA fighter KO's himself 83 seconds into fight
I went to the movies eight times last month and only spent $10
High school teen to give kidney to her sick grandfather
New car share program taking parking from drivers
Woman gives birth to baby at busy intersection
Troopers save driver from suspected overdose
DNA on ski mask leads to arrest in cold case
Community to remember teen killed in shooting
Lawmaker wants a 'marijuana sanctuary state'
Death row inmate to get new interpreter
Couple faces charges for drug trafficking in Maine
Army: Fort bragg paratrooper found dead
Russian plane shot down in Syria
"Drive-by shootings were racially motivated, Italy mayor says"
Barber helps kids with confidence one free haircut at a time
Texas Christian University sues former football player
Beignet the Nutria predicts mild hurricane season
Firefighters rescue dog from sub-frozen pond
Vandals ransack Texas Girl Scout house
Girl fighting cancer finds confidence with beauty bar
Wisconsin man caught in 'catfishing' scam
TSA  to use specially-trained canines for screenings
Trump campaigned on a theme of law and order. But he's using the Nunes memo to sow distrust in America's top law enforcement agency
Trump says Nunes memo 'totally vindicates' him
The memo: 5 takeaways
Reports: Steele dossier's political motivation was disclosed in FISA application
McCain blasts memo: 'We are doing Putin's job for him'
Bernie Sanders is showing how he'd run in 2020
Janet Yellen leaves a legacy of jobs
It's not over yet. Flu season peak still to come.
Why Whoopi won't say the President's name
'Black Panther' roars in pre-sales. Here's the week's politics-free news.
Celeb designer: We owe this woman so much
Dad lunges at Nassar in court room
Trump is using the Nunes memo to sow distrust in America's top law enforcement agency
Temptations' lead singer dies
Think you know Tom Brady? Here's a quiz
Ranking Democrat's claim cuts at a central pillar of Nunes' memo alleging wrongdoing by the FBI
Memo fuels Trump's feud with his law enforcement agencies
Russian plane shot down
"France jails Islamic scholar, source says"
Uma Thurman speaks out on Weinstein
Analysis: Trump used 47 words to say 4 things that aren't true
"After backlash, Ryan deletes tweet about a secretary taking home $1.50 more a week"
Analyst on Nunes memo: FBI is ticked
'Law and Order' shoot prompts bomb scare
"Listed as missing, California woman found on 'The Bachelor'"
Nunes' Dem challenger just got $100K in campaign donations
Opinion: Trump may be making a comeback
Sen. wants USOC investigated over Nassar
