Judge extends order blocking Trump administration asylum restrictions
Giuliani: 'I was wrong' to say Trump hadn't signed letter of intent for Trump Tower Moscow
Burnett: Trump is kowtowing to Putin
California's largest utility provider's role in wildfires is under scrutiny
"After months apart, a Yemeni mother will see her dying son"
Actress breaks silence on alleged harassment on set of CBS legal drama
Macaulay Culkin revisits 'Home Alone'
Informant testifies El Chapo is 'always courteous to people'
The comment from the President's attorney marked an acknowledgment that Trump had indeed signed a letter of intent for a Trump Tower in Moscow
Erin Burnett: Trump is kowtowing to Putin
CNN obtains Russia documents signed by Trump
Trump signed letter of intent for Trump Tower Moscow project despite Giuliani insisting he didn't
Analysis: Reality deals more blows to Trump's alternative narrative
Opinion: Trump's bizarre decision on Syria
Analysis: Trump gears up for 2020 re-election by tightening grip on party
3 Kansas legislators switch from Republican to Democrat
Family tries to understand how mom was jailed for 5 months and died before they knew she was there
NFL star signs ketchup endorsement
Russia's targeting of black voters is a very American thing to do
What it's like to ride in Elon Musk's 1.14-mile tunnel
Sr. administration official calls Syria withdrawal 'a mistake of colossal proportions'
House Intelligence expected to vote Thursday on sending Roger Stone transcript to Mueller
CNN commentator: Democrats just broke Trump
US announces new set of Russia sanctions
Illinois officials: Church didn't disclose abuse allegations against 500 priests and clergy
Man charged in deaths of two Chicago officers who were struck by train
"As smoking falls out of favor, Altria looks beyond tobacco"
The latest battle in the religious freedom debate made it harder for these women to adopt
Troubled waters: How Beijing won't back down over the South China Sea
Opposition leader Corbyn denies calling UK PM May a 'stupid woman'
Yemen ceasefire goes into effect in strategic port city of Hodeidah
Vanuatu threatens to sue biggest carbon energy producers
Illinois AG says Catholic Church failed to disclose abuse accusations against 500 priests and clergy
"2 troops sue over discharges, claiming it's because they're HIV-positive"
Man charged in connection with deaths of two Chicago officers who were struck by train
"After years of sneaking out, Cuban baseball players no longer have to defect to play in MLB"
"Police: Woman hit husband with vehicle, injures him"
Resistance to Trump's move to withdraw US troops from Syria was strong among some in the administration
Sen. Graham: 'Fake news' to say ISIS defeated
"Trump's Syria withdrawal hurts Netanyahu and US reputation, Israelis say"
GOP senators give Pence 'earful' on Syria
Analysis: Trump is leaving the fight against ISIS (and influence in the Middle East) to Russia and Iran
Trump orders rapid withdrawal from Syria in apparent reversal
Senate passes stop-gap funding bill in effort to avert government shutdown
Giuliani: 'I was wrong' to say Trump hadn't signed letter
Erin Burnett: Trump made Putin's day
"After 14 months of allegations and denials, Harvey Weinstein faces a pivotal day in court"
Opinion: Saturn's beauty is fleeting
Trump is pulling out of the wrong war at the wrong time
Russia's targeting of black voters is very American
Graham: Trump's Syria withdrawal a 'stain on the honor of the United States'
Trump's pick for attorney general told DOJ in memo that firing Comey isn't obstruction of justice
CNN commentator: Dems broke Trump
Trump's 1999 remark baffles Erin Burnett
Yemeni mother arrives in US to see her dying son
Crazy-cool new ice hotel rooms revealed
Elon Musk's first tunnel is done. Go inside
India is still giving Huawei a chance
FedEx is really worried about trade
The women who broke boundaries
"Korean Air 'nut rage' scandal: Flight attendant awarded $18,000 settlement"
Pamela Anderson slams #MeToo movement
Opinion: My word of the year is freedom
See girls lose it over meeting Michelle Obama
"The President announced an apparently impulsive decision that shook the world, showed little sign of nuanced consideration and confounded top advisers"
Sr. admin official: 'A mistake of colossal proportions'
The world's biggest beer company is looking at making cannabis drinks
Stories of the Year: The new feminists
Routine activities for which police were called on African-Americans this year
The rebel photographer who immortalized motorsport
Father slams travel ban as Yemeni mom is finally reunited with their dying son
Flights suspended at Gatwick airport after drones sighted
Fareed Zakaria: Syria decision feels like Bush moment
Are you heavier or shorter than the average American?
Trump plans to make more people work for food stamps
Putin warns of risks of a new nuclear arms race
House Intelligence expected to vote today on sending Roger Stone transcript to Mueller
3 Kansas legislators switch from GOP to Dem
Budweiser's owner is looking at making cannabis drinks
"Hawaii named healthiest state, Louisiana ranks last in new report"
Living while black: Routine activities for which police were called on African-Americans this year
Opinion: Why the Martha McSally pick is a game changer
"1 in 4 globally will have a stroke at age 25 or older, according to new study"
The ghost airport where airplanes go to sleep
"Bright light spotted over California was likely a meteor, weather service says"
Trump's AG pick told Justice in memo that firing Comey isn't obstruction of justice
Putin warns of risks of new nuclear arms race
Biggest US cigarette company buys a $13B stake in the biggest e-cigarette startup
Dow slides to 2018 low after Fed disappoints
Mom jailed for 5 months and died before family knew she was there
Policeman found guilty of condom 'stealthing' in landmark trial
"$18,000 settlement in 'nut rage' incident"
Beer company looking into cannabis drinks
These women wanted to adopt. They say state law stood in their way.
Six months of walking may reverse cognitive decline
1 in 4 globally will have a stroke at age 25 or older
Hawaii named healthiest state in new report
Hottest cultural moments of 2018
Senior admin official: 'A mistake of colossal proportions'
Sen. Graham: Trump's Syria withdrawal a 'stain on the honor of the United States'
"Decision blasted: It's 'fake news' to say ISIS defeated, Graham said"
Fareed Zakaria: A breakdown of Trump's announcement
The 41 most unreal Trump quotes of 2018
Trump's AG pick told Justice Department in memo that firing Comey isn't obstruction
North Korea says it will not denuclearize until the US eliminates 'nuclear threat'
What Facebook can learn from the Wells Fargo scandal
Dow hits its low of 2018. Can it bounce back?
Our most popular op-eds of 2018
NBA team makes record 26 3-pointers in a game
The hottest cultural moments of 2018
What was that bright light spotted over California?
When police were called on African-Americans for doing normal tasks this year
Want your kids to thrive? Let them fail
Why Martha McSally's appointment is a game changer
The President's move to leave Syria fulfills one of Vladimir Putin's goals and will spark fresh speculation about Trump's motives and relationship with Russia
Harvey Weinstein is in court. Could charges be dropped?
Facebook and Wells Fargo are in bottomless pits of scandal. They each reacted differently.
Whitaker told he does not need to recuse himself from overseeing Mueller probe
Analysis: The 41 most unreal Trump quotes of 2018
Two active shooter drills on an Air Force base. A real injured jogger. That's where the chaos began.
Former MLB All-Star paid $38 million not to play
All the times police were called on African-Americans for doing normal tasks this year
Our hottest op-eds of the year
The moments that everyone will be talking about from 2018
Merriam-Webster's Word of the Year revealed
Notre Dame coach: Want kids to thrive? Let them fail
"Flying of drones is 'deliberate act' to close Gatwick Airport, police say"
Der Spiegel says star reporter wrote fake stories 'on a grand scale'
Female genital mutilation blamed for death of 10-year-old girl in Sierra Leone
Two active shooter drills. A real injured jogger. That's where the chaos began.
Autistic man who went overboard on cruise was traveling with special needs group
Acting Attorney General Matt Whitaker has argued that Mueller is 'dangerously close to crossing' a red line
Sciutto fact-checks WH claims on Russia probe
Trump wants the US out of Syria. But why?
"Withdrawal from Syria means likely an end to airstrikes, official says"
Sen. King: ISIS will use Syria withdrawal as recruitment tool
Harvey Weinstein judge sets pretrial hearing in criminal case for March
5 common tax misconceptions to avoid
NFL star stepping away to focus on mental health
Comics take jabs at shutdown battle
London airport chaos: Manhunt for drone pilots
Policeman found guilty of condom 'stealthing'
'Aladdin' fans don't like Will Smith's Genie
"Ice, ice baby! Paris Hilton keeping 20-carat engagement ring"
'To All The Boys' is getting a sequel
D.C. attorney general sues Facebook
Facebook could be in trouble with the FTC - again
Tencent just invested in this Indian food startup
UK regulator: Russian broadcaster broke its rules
Tencent makes a big bet on India's tech industry
Could Budweiser drinkers soon swap beer for pot?
"The President soon will meet with House GOP. 'At this moment,' he opposes a deal that won't let him build a border wall or steel slats, spokeswoman says."
"Trump, 'does not want to go further without border security,' Sanders says"
Debate over border wall gets personal
Trump's acting AG told he can oversee Russia probe
Opinion: What Whitaker said about Mueller
Trump's AG pick Barr told Justice Department in memo that firing Comey isn't obstruction
US says asylum seekers to be sent back to Mexico
Is asylum processing on the US border really at capacity? Critics doubt it
Analysis: Trump wants the US out of Syria. But why?
Analysis: Most unreal Trump quotes of 2018
MLB and Cuba reach historic player deal
Yanny/Laurel debate. An erupting volcano. Political intricacies. Here are our hottest op-eds of 2018.
The 2018 moments everyone will be talking about
Huge ghost airport where planes go to sleep
"Soldier pops out of gift box, surprises kids with early return"
Uber rider charged higher fare
"Paramedic thanks fellow EMTs, wife for saving life"
PD: Student assaulted school nurse and aide
"Pit bulls attack, owner asks for forgiveness"
Boy celebrates 365 days of Christmas
Boys left home alone found watching 'Home Alone'
Military dad surprises daughters by coming home
Man charged with raping 11-yo he met on Tinder
Donor drops $10K check in Salvation Army Kettle
"Trump has summoned GOP leaders to the White House. 'At this moment,' he opposes a deal that won't let him build a border wall or steel slats, spokeswoman says."
Here are funding options Republicans are weighing
Sen. Graham says Trump should do this ...
Uncertainty mounts as Congress seeks to avoid shutdown
Exclusive: Trump's acting AG told he can oversee Russia probe
"Dow sinks below 23,000, Nasdaq flirts with a bear market and oil is in free fall"
Dow hits lowest level of 2018. Will it bounce back?
5 things to know about Trump's tax code
Making sense of Melania Trump's style
Political cartoonist reflects on Trump era
BlackBerry's bet on connected cars pays off
A year of drama and disaster: Our most popular op-eds of the year
'Mary Poppins Returns' caps off Disney's practically perfect year
Saturn's rings have an expiration date
Want kids to thrive? Let them fail
Trump's 'mission accomplished' moment
"Vladimir Putin, rap music fan"
Hines Ward: Making a playoff push is the NFL dream
Meet the color blind ski photographer
House Speaker Paul Ryan says the President won't back a Senate measure because it doesn't include border wall funding. A deadline to avoid a shutdown is looming.
"Decrying 'illegals,' amputee veteran raises millions for border wall"
Schumer: Senate Dems won't budge on the wall
Lindsey Graham's stern advice to Trump
Democrats unveil plans for a dozen 2020 primary debates starting in June 2019
Political cartoonist: Trump is exhausting
Amputee veteran raises millions on GoFundMe for border wall
GOP working to add wall funding to spending bill
"Bob Corker: ""Y'all have fun. I'm getting ready to drive to Chattanooga."""
Analysis: The one big problem Democrats didn't solve with their 2020 debate schedule
NY mayor urges clean slates for offenders and economic justice in weed legalization
News from Mars: A mile-deep ice crater and marsquakes
Ryan: Trump won't sign without border security
BuzzFeed wins defamation suit over dossier publication
GOP Rep. Will Hurd on pulling troops out of Syria: 'I hope this decision is reconsidered'
Analysis: Why Donald Trump changed his mind on the border wall (HINT: It has to do with Fox News)
'Are you ruining my life?': Republican senators in disbelief over Trump shutdown threat
Woman who claims she was Woody Allen's teen lover has no regrets
Critics call pop star's dance 'disgusting'
The very important reason these tiny robots are taking pictures of cats
The top space stories of 2018
Saturn is losing its rings quicker than expected
Best (and worst) new luxury hotels of 2018
See girls lose it meeting Michelle Obama
Hint: It has to do with Fox News
Trump torpedoes funding bill over border wall
READ: New continuing resolution bill heading to House committee
Trump says Democrats can support wall if he calls it this
Trump: 'I've made my position very clear' on spending bill
"Certain antibiotics may cause aortic aneurysm, FDA warns"
Officials brace for Trump announcement on Afghanistan
"Lawmaker calls Trump official 'liar,' storms out"
Ethics official said it's a 'close call' whether acting AG should recuse from Mueller probe
"Wilbur Ross held bank shares despite reporting he'd sold them, report says"
Trump announces farm bill signing with video of his 'Green Acres' Emmy performance
Why McSally's appointment is a game changer
Facebook's year of scandal
5 common misconceptions about the new tax code
Coroner rules death of 5-year-old boy
3 killed after plane crashes in Atlanta
Neighbors warn about fake candy fundraiser
18-foot python captured by Winter Park man
Defense Secretary Jim Mattis will step down from his position early next year
Sen. Graham: Mattis thinks 'the job in Syria is not yet done' despite Trump's order to withdraw troops
New video directly debunks Trump's claim
Mattis writes letter of recommendation for Reince Priebus to join the Navy
"Fear is taking over Wall Street as the Dow sinks below 23,000"
Former Senate intel staffer sentenced to two months in prison for lying to FBI
Retired General: This will be a real crisis
'Are you ruining my life?': Republican senators in disbelief over Trump threat
Bureaucrats flagged WH on Kushner questions. A judge says that's not normal
"Dear Trump loyalists, Donald will always disappoint you"
US charges Chinese hackers in global scheme targeting business and military
Tech companies and carmakers are the hottest employers in Europe
The Secretary of Defense says in his resignation letter that his views aren't 'aligned' with the President
READ: James Mattis' resignation letter
CNN reporter: Mattis is falling on his sword
"Trump announced news via a tweet, saying Mattis was retiring"
Mattis writes recommendation for Reince Priebus to join Navy
Trump says Democrats can support wall if he calls it ...
Bipartisan criminal justice bill clears Congress
'Are you ruining my life?': Republican senators in disbelief over shutdown  threat
China has some companies worried. Not Nike
She was jailed for 5 months and died before her family knew she was there
Border wall GoFundMe sums up Trump presidency
Most popular op-eds of 2018
