Police say the suspect looked for his victims inside the building that houses the Capital Gazette in Maryland
"At least five people killed, officials say"
Sanders: An attack on journalists is an attack on every American
"Paper received threats on social media, police say"
Source: Suspect had a previous interaction with newspaper exec
Sen. Lindsey Graham whacks Trump over attacks on John McCain
Maxine Waters: I'm getting death threats
Farm bill passes in the Senate
Millennials are much more open to socialism
World Cup power rankings before knockout stage
He may be the first openly gay man as Governor
Trump IRS nominee owns property at Trump-branded hotel
It's the deadliest day in years for American journalism
"At least five people were killed, officials say"
Police: Online threats sent before shooting
Witness: I need more than thoughts and prayers
"MS-13 wanted to take her son, she says. So they fled to the United States"
CNN spots migrants crossing Rio Grande
Ryan asked why he isn't tougher on Trump
Thousands of kids still haven't been reunited with their parents. Protesters ask: Where are they?
HHS Secy says it's easy to find migrant kids in its care; parents disagree
"Watchdogs to investigate child migrant housing facilities, family separations"
"Federal judge orders reunification of parents and children, end to most family separations at border"
Here's what's going on with the children separated at the border
Graham whacks Trump over attacks on McCain
Gowdy on Russia investigation: Finish the hell up
Trump asked about anti-media rhetoric
What it's like for kids facing immigration court
WH puts Supreme Court search on overdrive
What it's like for kids inside immigration hearings
The victims: Wendi. Rebecca. Gerald. Robert. John.
"Suspect: He was found hiding under a desk, official says"
'Very calculated': Deadliest day for US journalism since 9/11
Trump: 'My thoughts and prayers are with the victims'
Witness to Trump: I need more than thoughts and prayers
Gutierrez: Republicans want to give Trump 'Rosenstein's head on a platter'
Trump meets with key senators as he starts full-court press to nominate new justice
Man clings to car hood going 70mph
Instagram Stories is twice as popular as Snapchat
'Closed-minded and ill-informed': Top Huawei exec blasts US lawmakers
The victims: Wendi. Rebecca. Gerald. Rob. John.
"Lawsuit: Suspect had past court battle with paper, docs show"
Capital Gazette writers: 'Thoughts and prayers' aren't enough
Relatives grieve: Carl Hiaasen remembers brother
Clapper: Trey Gowdy has a point but ...
Anthony Kennedy swung for the fences
"Will abortion, gay marriage survive?"
UK's beer rationing is making me thirsty
What Trump should tell Putin
Democrats in danger of going too far left
Trump is pretty sure he's nailing this whole 'President' thing
Sen. Cory Booker: 'Push pause' on Supreme Court nominee until after Russia probe
Lawmaker arrested during Trump protest
"Forget the football, Putin is the real World Cup winner"
700 empty Toys 'R' Us stores. Who's going to fill them?
Amazon didn't kill Toys 'R' Us. Here's what did.
Growing marijuana could make these furry creatures an endangered species
"CNN news quiz for the week ending June 29, 2018"
Five people were killed when a gunman opened fire in the Capital Gazette in Maryland. Here is what we know about them.
Police: Newspaper shooting was a targeted attack
Suspect: Law enforcement sources identify alleged gunman
Officials: Online threats sent before shooting
Only a handful of kids reunited with parents. Protesters ask: Where are the children?
"MS-13 wanted to take her son, she says."
Your brain on marijuana
Relatives grieve: Author Carl Hiaasen remembers brother
Trump is pretty sure he's nailing this 'President' thing
Sean Hannity disputes claim he tied Waters rhetoric to newsroom shooting
More voters want candidates who support abortion access
California teen at center brain-death controversy has died
South Koreans may no longer face jail if they refuse to serve in military
H&M needs to offload $4 billion in unsold clothes
Instagram Stories is now twice as popular as Snapchat
Suspect is being charged with five counts of first-degree murder
"During the deadly shooting at the Capital Gazette in Maryland, staff headed to back door to escape, but it was locked"
The victims: Rob. Gerald. John. Rebecca. Wendi.
Suspect: He faces five counts of first-degree murder
Thousands of kids not reunited with parents. Protesters ask: Where are they?
Deutsche Bank flunks stress test; Goldman Sachs gets flagged
Jon Stewart takes over Colbert
"Facing threat of rape and harassment,  New Delhi women fight back"
Why fast food chains like to sell you donut fries and chicken rings
Hannity denies tying Maxine Water rhetoric to shooting
Thousands of kids aren't back with parents. Protesters ask: Where are they?
"Columnist: Journalists are people, not the enemy"
"For one teen asylum seeker, confessing fears led to months in detention"
Jon Stewart takes over for Colbert
Fallon joins Backstreet Boys for classic hit
Trump 'too close-minded' to get NFL protests
Freakishly gigantic airplane icon turns 50
Why Amazon Prime should be free
"During the deadly shooting at the Capital Gazette, staff headed to back door to escape, but it was locked"
'Speechless:' Capital Gazette's opinion page is blank today
Trump can't stop winning
Hannity denies tying Maxine Waters' rhetoric to shooting
"'Just be a kid, OK?': Inside children's immigration hearings"
Antwon Rose's mom breaks down in interview
The scoop on Porsche's 'launch control' feature
City breaks world temperature record
A big milestone for this world-changing jet
Trump is clueless about the global market
Now Supreme Court will be as divided as the US
Obama offers Democrats tough love
Axios: Trump privately threatens to quit WTO
Trump's pick for UN job voted down
Graham whacks Trump over McCain attacks
"For teen asylum seeker, fears led to months in detention"
Clock is ticking for Trump administration to start family reunifications
California teen at center of brain-death controversy has died
Experts predict where LeBron will land
New helmet rule could make NFL unrecognizable
Prince William's trip may prove to be historic
Ocasio-Cortez won with big vision
Europe fears it occupies a special place in 'Trump hell'
Intrigue and uncertainty for Trump-Putin summit
"Merkel is saved for now, but Europe hasn't solved its migration problem"
Drake confirms fatherhood on new album
The US ranks number one in incarceration
Ed Sheeran accused of copying hit song
What's killing Big American Beer?
C02 shortage threatens World Cup beer supply
Why I'm burying a beer can in the backyard
What will happen to 700 empty Toys 'R' Us stores?
National Geo's new award-winning photos
College swimmer's viral Beyonce dance
Freakishly huge jet turns 50
Police on shooter: 'He doesn't deserve us to talk about him'
Analysis: John Roberts played the long game. He just won.
Plan to overturn Roe v. Wade is in motion
Sketches from immigration court
Here's the moment a mom was reunited with her 7-year-son
US on track to admit fewest number of refugees since resettlement program began
Why some businesses can deny you service
"This drug went from $40 to $39,000"
How CNN reported on Acthar
Patients who can't afford meds pin hopes on Trump
Opinion: Big pharma's cash flood is drowning seniors
Celebrating  America's largest military jet
Trump clueless about global market
"For teen asylum seeker, confessing led to detention"
Thousands still aren't reunited with their parents
"Judge orders reunification of parents and children, end to most border separations"
Trump: Journalists 'should be free from the fear of being violently attacked while doing their job'
"Reports: LeBron declines option, will become free agent"
Medicare spent $2B for one drug. Drugmaker paid doctors millions
Axelrod: Annapolis victims worked hard and honorably for community
Capital Gazette killings reveal harrowing reality for journalists
"Facing a constant threat of rape, the girls of New Delhi fight back"
Doctors decry plans to detain immigrant kids
'The most common condition you've never heard of'
Investigators found evidence showing 'the origination of planning' for the Capital Gazette shooting
The victims: Gerald. John. Rebecca. Rob. Wendi.
Trump: Maryland shooting 'filled our hearts with grief'
Judge: Suspect will be held without bond
Inside the newsroom: Gunman was 'continually shooting'
Are your credit card perks shrinking?
"When the 4th of July is on a Wednesday, your long weekend gets confusing"
"Facing a constant threat of rape, the women of Delhi are learning to attack"
Wild African cat corners man in his driveway
Conn. transit workers rally for bathroom breaks
Illegal moonshine operation busted in Miss.
Officer's car stolen after keys left inside
"Elderly woman killed at home, vehicle stolen"
Video shows crews finding toddler in woods
Mom warns others after daughter burned on slide
Police called on 12-year-old mowing grass
Woman charged with stealing boyfriend's guns
Pastor charged with impersonating police officer
Mom seeks apology after daughter falls down drain
Are we next? A day newsrooms have feared
"Once again, Congress leaves town without an immigration solution"
3 babies among 100 dead off Libya after migrants' boat capsizes
Are we ready if an asteroid strikes Earth?
"Anatomy of a 97,000% drug price hike"
"The way the President sees it, his takeover of the Republican Party is complete"
Fareed Zakaria: Trump may win despite immigration loss
Trump administration may further restrict asylum rights
A tale of two investigations: Benghazi vs. Mueller
Companies that want out of new steel tariffs describe a nightmare
"Newspaper shooting suspect barricaded back door to hunt and kill victims, DA says"
Gunman was fired from previous job
Editor details suspect's threats
3-year-old ordered to appear in court
"Nearly 1,800 Puerto Rican hurricane survivors to lose FEMA housing assistance"
One word shows how much we've changed the way we talk about race
America's favorite store that everyone forgets about
Tesla races to fulfill its Model 3 promise
Xiaomi's giant IPO is shrinking
Teaching children about human trafficking
The ex-President says anyone despondent over President Trump's action has to do more than mope
Obama meets with potential 2020 candidates
Why Mike Bloomberg is betting $80 million on the Democrats
Analysis: Trump can't stop 'winning'
"Trump appointee guts UN document on racism, says leaders don't have duty to condemn hate speech"
Trump administration loses first court test of Medicaid work requirements
Larry Nassar indicted in Texas
Ohio bill would force teachers to 'out' transgender students to their parents
Deaf and blind man experiences World Cup
"This concrete (yes, concrete) is going high-tech"
"Mystery surrounds 5,000-year-old carved stone balls"
Capital Gazette shooter faces 5 murder counts
Squirrel saved after stuck in dumpster drain
Police issue warning as Flakka returns to Fla.
NYPD creates scholarship for Bronx teen
Convicted killer wants death penalty
2 women on Trump's Supreme Court list
Mueller wants to delay sentencing for Flynn
GM warns tariff could force job cuts
IRS shrinks the 1040 tax form
Comedian 'Stuttering John' says he successfully prank-called Trump
"A white woman allegedly hit a black teen, used racial slurs and told him to leave a pool. Then she bit a cop"
Comcast down across the US due to cut fiber cables
Friend's kind gesture for World Cup fan
Never-before-seen film shows FDR walk
Analysis: Democrats' best messenger is still Obama
Man charged with threatening to kill FCC chairman's family over net neutrality
CNN reporter to Trump: Will you stop calling press the enemy?
"ICE agent said 'Happy Mother's Day' then took immigrant woman's daughter, suit says"
Air pollution linked to 3.2 million new diabetes cases in one year
What we know about the newspaper shooting
Breaking down the next round of the World Cup
The worst NBA contracts in the last 5 years
'What really happened?': The Casey Anthony case 10 years later
Photos: A timeline of Casey Anthony's trial
Medical examiner: Jose Baez was 'Trump-ian'
Casey Anthony judge: She probably killed her daughter - by accident
The day Caylee Anthony's remains were found
"When July 4th is Wednesday, your long weekend gets confusing"
Behind the lyrics of 'The Star-Spangled Banner'
Reporter: We're not heroes. But we do our best to get it right
Journalists face a chilling new truth
I'm marching to make America the country my parents dreamed of
Officers charged after gambling investigation
"Immigrant mom, son reunited in Chicago"
Authorities wrestle alligator in parking lot
72-hour abortion waiting period rejected in Iowa
"States are making stricter limits on abortion that could end up at the Supreme Court. With Justice Kennedy gone, the landmark ruling could end up gutted."
Begala: Democrats are about to fight like crazy
Opinion: The next Court could burn down Kennedy's legacy
US ambassador to Estonia resigns in frustration over Trump
Comedian: Unbelievable that Trump didn't recognize my voice
XXXTentacion attends his own funeral in posthumous video
3 babies among 100 drowned off Libya
EU strikes deal on migrants after Italy demands action
