"Harris tax plan focuses on middle class relief, not the ultra-rich"
5 Houston police officers shot while serving warrants
Trump campaign manager privately pushes President to hold firm on border wall fight
Opinion: Is the Trump team pulling off a diplomatic coup?
Harvard professor representing Harvey Weinstein: People deemed 'vile' deserve defense
Judge says Kendall Jenner and more can be subpoenaed in Fyre Festival case
It's now legal to kill sea lions that are threatening salmon in the Pacific Northwest
It's not that Tom Brokaw is racist. It's that he's wrong
Fiji Water Girls were at SAG
Analysis: The one thing Sarah Sanders said Monday that mattered
Hundreds of migrants cross Arizona border after 'several busloads' dropped off in Mexico
NBC calls Tom Brokaw's assimilation comments 'inaccurate and inappropriate'
Heckler confronts Schultz: Don't help re-elect Trump
CNN went undercover in Venezuela. Here's why people have taken to the streets
Venezuelan troops 'ready to die' for their homeland
US announces new sanctions against Venezuela
Actress regrets dressing 'so sexy'
"A day after she officially launched her 2020 presidential campaign, the California senator is in Iowa to face questions from the state's influential voters"
Analysis: 21 revealing lines in Harris' campaign launch speech
Kamala Harris' secret weapon
Here are the Dems who have said they're running for president
These Democrats are leading the 2020 pack
Axelrod: Kamala Harris' big challenge
Mueller probe is 'close to being completed'
White House questioned after official's notes caught on camera
Jeffrey Toobin: Schultz is 'gift from God' to Trump
Opinion: It's not that Tom Brokaw is racist. It's that he's wrong
Pop star: Designers said I was 'too big' to dress
Housekeeper stuck in elevator for 3 days
Prosecution rests case against 'El Chapo'
A funeral home worried an Air Force vet wouldn't get a proper burial. Thousands of strangers made sure he did.
"A day after she launched her  presidential campaign, Sen. Kamala Harris takes questions at a CNN town hall"
Sen. Harris defends her record on criminal justice
4 Houston police officers shot while serving warrants
Breslin and Hamill: Fearless in pursuit of truth
"A day after she launched her presidential campaign, the California senator also endorses a 'Green New Deal'"
See question that brought Kamala Harris to her feet
Harris on criticism of criminal justice record: I've 'been consistent my whole career'
Senator blasts Trump's wall as 'medieval vanity project'
Here's why it's so hard to spot 'deepfakes'
The truth-telling of Breslin and Hamill
White House not tamping down tensions after Bolton seen holding notepad with words '5000 troops to Colombia'
Schultz heckled at book event: 'Don't help elect Trump!'
The ever-changing style of Trump ally Roger Stone
After nearly 2 months there's no sign of urgency to confirm Trump's UN pick
Samsung chases Xiaomi with 2 new phones in India
Nvidia stock plunges 16%
McDonald's and KFC warn of price hikes if no Brexit deal
Best dressed stars at the SAG Awards
Boy found in woods says bear kept him company. No one can prove it's false
Why Davos was so gloomy
The President is starting to look like prey to opponents ready to pounce on his sub-40% approval rating
Kamala Harris backs 'Medicare-for-all' and eliminating private insurance as we know it
CNN town hall highlights: Harris endorses a 'Green New Deal'
Joe Biden says he is 'closer' to decision on 2020
Boy who was lost in woods says bear kept him company. No one can prove it's false
"Ballistic missile can hit moving ships, China says, but experts are skeptical"
Jeffrey Toobin: Howard Schultz is a 'gift from God' to Trump
Norway in global race to build a 'floating tunnel'
Kamala Harris defines her fight against Trump in CNN town hall
CNN town hall highlights: Harris endorses 'Medicare for all'
One of richest families in US is accused of profiting from the opioid crisis
iPhone FaceTime bug lets you eavesdrop on other people
CNN went undercover. Here's why people have taken to the streets
"Guaido says he's still willing to consider amnesty for Maduro, military"
The ever-changing style of Roger Stone
Harris backs 'Medicare for-all' and eliminating private insurance
"Italian town will pay you $10,000 to move in"
PG&E files for bankruptcy after California wildfires
China slams US over 'unreasonable crackdown' on Huawei
Trump approves sanctions on Venezuelan oil company
A funeral home worried a veteran wouldn't get a proper burial. Thousands of strangers made sure he did.
"As deep freeze grips US, Chicago will be colder than Antarctica"
"Yes, wind chill is a real threat. It can and will harm you."
What Facebook's plans for its messaging apps mean for you
"Tennessee police, FBI searching for 14-year-old girl missing for two weeks"
Analysis: The irony of climate change politics is red states face more pain
Apple's FaceTime lets you eavesdrop on other users. Here's how to prevent it
Funeral home worried veteran wouldn't get a proper burial. Thousands of strangers made sure he did.
Terry Crews fires back at comic who mocked his sex assault claim
Chicago will be colder than Antarctica this week
Hundreds of keyless cars are vulnerable to high-tech theft
Banana Island: Luxury paradise off Doha coast
The President's uncanny sense for weakness helped him destroy the deepest GOP primary field in history. Now rivals are targeting his own political vulnerability.
4 Houston police officers shot
US v. Huawei: 4 key takeaways from the indictments
Singer says stowaways tried to enter UK in her tour bus
Colbert spoofs Stone arrest with 'Cops' inspired parody
"Biden, Harris top Democratic candidates, new poll shows"
Firefighters called as mom has baby at home. Then they shovel the driveway.
Why does Eddie Lampert want to keep Sears alive?
Apple's FaceTime lets you eavesdrop on other users. Here's how to prevent that.
How to disable Apple's FaceTime due to ongoing bug
Apple earnings: How low can iPhone sales go?
"Ahead of tech earnings week, warning signs are everywhere"
Wind chill is a real threat. It can and will harm you.
Rubio: US should go big on Brazil
Gutting US foreign language education will cost us for generations
Jeff Flake rules out 2020 primary challenge to Trump
Former Starbucks CEO heckled: 'You egotistical a**hole!'
Some states allow parents to get out of vaccinations. Then this happens
Theresa May: We need to decide what to do with Brexit
Belarusian 'sex coach' says she was warned to keep quiet about oligarch
Analysis: Why America's fight with Huawei matters
Trump will sit down for a Super Bowl interview
Netflix creeped out about Ted Bundy's 'alleged hotness'
Brokaw suggested Latino immigrants' kids don't assimilate. That's a myth.
Gutting US foreign language education will cost us
8 health issues smoking makes worse
iPhone FaceTime bug lets other people eavesdrop on you
Robot valets may soon park cars at this airport
Samsung is getting rid of plastic packaging for phones and TVs
Bolton seen holding notepad with words '5000 troops to Colombia'
Still no sign of urgency to confirm Trump's UN pick
Lowering blood pressure could cut risk factor for dementia
Schultz heckled: 'Don't help elect Trump!'
Opinion: It's Kamala Harris' race right now
Roger Stone is in court and expected to plead not guilty
See author react to Trump's tweet during live interview
Venezuelan army defectors appeal to Trump for weapons
Scaramucci: Hard not to alter your behavior around Trump
US intelligence chief contradicts Trump on ISIS defeat
Backlash prompts BuzzFeed to pay out time off for its laid off employees
Netflix creeped out by Ted Bundy's 'alleged hotness'
Deep freeze across the US
'Jagged Little Pill' is coming to Broadway
"Judge rules on Kendall Jenner, Fyre Festival"
Kate Beckinsale hospitalized
Roger Stone enters not guilty plea at arraignment
Analysis: 1 in 3 Republicans want someone other than Trump as the 2020 nominee
Exclusive: Venezuelan army defectors appeal to Trump for weapons
Hundreds of genes might decide whether you're an early bird or night owl
Sears lost millions over the holiday season
What's moving US markets today
'The Bachelorette's' Rachel Lindsay has a wedding date
"83 million Americans will endure temperatures below zero and 25 million could see them fall to 20 degrees below zero, a forecaster says"
Polar vortex to bring coldest air in a generation
Analysis: Donald Trump gets a taste of his own tactic
Graham urges Trump to tie debt limit to border security funding
"Only one witness testified in El Chapo's defense, and it wasn't the drug lord"
"Kayla, a 30-year-old orca, dies at SeaWorld. Just 20 remain in its parks."
7 numbers that prove how frigid this Arctic air is
Here's your answer when someone asks 'How can it be so cold if there's global warming?'
'Empire' star Jussie Smollett attacked in possible hate crime
"In rebuke to Trump, McConnell unveils proposal urging troops stay in Syria"
Consumer confidence falls again
Analysis: How Schultz ran Starbucks tells us how he might run America
Police detail harrowing shootout that left 5 Houston officers injured
Intel chief contradicts Trump on ISIS defeat
"MMA fighter fined $500,000 for jumping into stands"
Report: Ex-NFL player had 'most severe form' of CTE
Hey Super Bowl fans: Welcome to the world's busiest airport
It's Kamala Harris' race right now
What Howard Schultz needs to have a shot
"83 million Americans will endure subzero temperatures and some could see them fall as low as 40 degrees below zero, a forecaster says"
How Howard Schultz ran Starbucks tells us how he might run America
"FBI ends investigation into Las Vegas massacre, with no motive found"
Former Starbucks CEO heckled: You egotistical a**hole!
"In new book, Christie recalls watching 'Access Hollywood' tape with Trump"
"Suspect in Louisiana shootings confesses to killing 5, authorities say"
Old emails hold new clues to Coca-Cola and CDC's controversial relationship
Why does this investor want to keep Sears alive?
Deputy says it was heroin. It turned out to be detergent
Passenger halts bus after driver dies
Burglar caught using mail slot to unlock home
New coffee shop employs people with disabilities
Homeowner wakes up to 'Niagara Falls' in her yard
Police rescue man in Lake Michigan using 'human chain'
Man arrested after leaving stolen dog in cold
Veterans deaths may be tied to pathologist's errors
Police 'ban crime' because of cold temperatures
Bond for cattle theft suspect surpasses $4.25M
Federal government closing 2 hours early
Analysis: Debunking Trump's global warming tweet
"Here's your answer when someone asks, 'How can it be so cold if there's global warming?'"
What to know about frostbite
"Stacey Abrams to give State of the Union response, Schumer says"
"A Lyft passenger fatally stabbed his pregnant driver in Arizona, police say"
Lawmakers vote to send May for new showdown with Europe
A reporter asked Bill Belichick for a selfie during a press conference - it didn't go over well
Leaked Grammy winners list is fake
Apple's shares are down 30% since it last reported earnings
Pension watchdog objects to plan to save Sears
"A bored 5th grader visiting her mom's job helped raise $30,000 for the elderly"
"Who shot, killed diabetic's beloved service dog?"
Death toll rises to 3 after man found frozen in Wisconsin garage
Theresa May ordered to reopen Brexit negotiations with Europe
Analysis: Trump gets a taste of his own tactic
"US intelligence chiefs reveal gulf with Trump on North Korea, Iran and ISIS"
At least 40 Venezuelans have been killed in recent protests
Analysis: How Howard Schultz ran Starbucks tells us how he might run America
"James Ingram, R&B singing star, dead at 66"
Top models could face subpoenas
"Cardi B is headed to Iowa - but no, she's not running for president"
Critics call out Zac Efron's biopic
The biggest rivalry in Atlanta on Super Bowl weekend has nothing to do with football
Hey Super Bowl fans! Welcome to the world's busiest airport
Big bling: The history of Super Bowl ring design
These big brands want you to return your containers
Britain is heading for a new showdown with the European Union after the Prime Minister bowed to pressure from UK lawmakers
May: There is limited appetite for renegotiations
Where to from here on Brexit? All eyes are on Brussels
Opinion: The world needs to start panicking about Brexit
The non-Brits' guide to Brexit (because it affects you too)
Why Brexit uncertainty means companies plan for the worst
Opinion: What Alexander Hamilton could teach Trump and May
Chicago will be colder than parts of Antarctica
Undocumented former Trump workers ask Congress for protection
At least 40 Venezuelans killed in protests
Analysis: 5 reasons Howard Schultz (probably) won't be president
Apple's iPhone sales fall 15%
This 14-year old found Apple's FaceTime bug before it went viral
Apple warns the first quarter might not be great either
Pepsi aims snarky Super Bowl ad campaign at Coca Cola's hometown of Atlanta
Beto O'Rourke is driving the political class nuts
Michael Bloomberg: Medicare-for-all 'would bankrupt us for a very long time'
Ex-council member charged with level 6 voyeurism
Minnesota may see wind chills of minus 70 degrees
"Majority favor 'Medicare-for-all,' but with a catch"
Opinion: Beto is driving the political class nuts
NBA star fined $50K for agent requesting trade
The number Apple doesn't want to talk about
Get rid of government shutdowns
Mom with stroller dies after fall from stairs
Student makes beautiful music while facing cancer
Disney World worker diagnosed with Hepatitis A
Man allegedly shackled wife inside car
Man creates map to track crime on social media
Minn. could break 132-yo record low Wednesday
55-yo man found frozen in garage after shoveling
Cold temps prompt some to put mail on hold
122 students out sick at Louisiana school
NWS: Minimize talking to protect lungs from cold air
