"The couple say their cancer was caused by long-term exposure to the company's popular weed killer, Roundup. Thousands of similar cases are pending."
"Common weed killer glyphosate increases cancer risk by 41%, study says"
Roundup cancer cases could cost Germany's Bayer billions
$80 million awarded to man who jury says got cancer after Roundup exposure
Jurors say Roundup contributed to a 2nd man's cancer. Now thousands more cases against Monsanto await
Farmers get impatient with Trump's trade war: 'This can't go on'
Felicity Huffman cries in court as she pleads guilty in college admissions scandal
Radioactive carbon from Cold War nuclear tests has been found deep in the ocean
Erin Burnett reveals topics Trump Jr. doesn't want to discuss
Colorado officials vote to commit $10M for school safety and mental health
NASA plans to land the first American woman on the moon by 2024
"Spoilers! 'GoT' recap: Just one, long 80-minute 'AAAAHHH!!!'"
What's behind the absurd gamble on women's rights and health
"The couple say their cancer was caused by long-term exposure to the company's weed killer, Roundup"
Attorney: Couple thought they could trust Monsanto
Tiger Woods hit with lawsuit after employee dies in car crash
Justice Breyer's warning and other things we learned at the Supreme Court Monday
Analysis: Joe Biden's eerily familiar argument
A study says glyphosate increases cancer risk by 41%
Tiger Woods hit with lawsuit after employee of his restaurant dies in car crash
US is trying to remove protesters from Venezuelan Embassy in DC
Phoenix police capture escaped pet emu
Bill Nye says it's time to grow up: 'The planet's on f***ing fire!'
New airplane concept could transform inflight service
Chinese aid arrives in Venezuela
"4 ships targeted in mystery 'attack,' says UAE"
US couple say Kenyan police took their 3-year-old boy
Canada's second-largest airline goes private
'Veep' finale trumps current news cycle
'Wine Country' pours a good laugh
A man dove to the bottom of the Mariana Trench and found a plastic bag
"As the high court rounds the final turns of the term, Breyer seemed to speak to his conservative colleagues in an opinion"
Supreme Court continues open feud over death penalty appeals
READ: Thomas' opinion in Alabama death penalty case
READ: Supreme Court opinion in Texas execution chamber ruling
5 dead after two planes collide in flight in Alaska
Jury returns $2 billion verdict against Monsanto for couple with cancer
Analysis: This is what Trump says when he wants to say nothing
Ana Navarro has a message for Sen. Lindsey Graham
Ocasio-Cortez takes aim at Biden at Green New Deal rally
Opinion: 'America's virgin'? Doris Day was much more than that
Fans may have caught another 'Game of Thrones' editing error
"Serena Williams, Jay-Z and Katy Perry invest in Impossible Foods"
Huawei's detained finance chief speaks out
The trade war is coming at a terrible time for Boeing
A duel between two rival presidents could mean the trade war may last longer than anyone expected
Trump on China: 'I love the position we're in'
Farmers turn against Trump's trade war
CEO: I'm 'beyond freaked'
Gay dating app Grindr is the latest victim of US-China tensions
Chinese media calls for 'people's war' as US trade war heats up
Fact checking Trump's Buy America strategy
Justice Breyer's warning to Supreme Court
"Fans may have caught another editing error, but not in the episode"
Episode 5 was one long 80-minute 'AAAAHHH!!!'
Opinion: Who will win Game of Thrones
Parents are naming their babies after characters
WhatsApp flags vulnerability to sophisticated voice call attack
Two 4-year-olds have died by guns in separate states in the past two days
At least 4 dead after two planes collide in flight in Alaska
Watch Buttigieg slow jam with Fallon
Watch Pete Buttigieg and Jimmy Fallon slow jam
A new James Bond Aston Martin for $3.5 million
Police arrested 65 women in a raid. Some say they were raped
Sudan protests turn violent
Super-pro reveals how to photograph the Milky Way
Analysis: The US-China relationship is too important for a trade war to last
Montana governor announces presidential campaign
A global software outage is causing delays at JetBlue's check-in counters
House chairmen send  letter over DOJ handling of Obamacare
Walmart is rolling out next-day delivery
WhatsApp urges users to update app after spyware threat is discovered
Why museums don't want you to touch their art
A global software outage is causing delays at JetBlue counters
Analysis: Biden's been in politics longer than any nominee ever. Here's why that matters
San Francisco could be first US city to ban facial-recognition technology
Death count in crossbow case rises as 2 more bodies found in Germany
Zion Williamson is in high demand
"The New York Knicks, Cleveland and Phoenix have the best shot in the Zion sweepstakes"
The biggest weakness each lottery team must address
Put hatred back in the sewer where it belongs
The justice cited a landmark abortion opinion that affirmed provisions of Roe. v. Wade. Was he putting his colleagues on notice?
Opinion: What's behind the absurd gamble on women's rights
SCOTUS continues feud over last-minute death penalty appeals
iPhone owners can sue Apple over App Store monopoly
Watching for SCOTUS to set terms for a Roe v. Wade showdown
Monstrous risk threatens world's most powerful economies
"NYT: White House reviews plan to send 120,000 US troops to Middle East"
Bullock: Defeating Trump is only the first step
Former Rep. Anthony Weiner released from prison custody
Burger King is bringing the Impossible Whopper to 3 new cities
"Reps. Ilan Omar, Jan Schakowsky: Confront threat of white nationalism - together"
We need a comprehensive approach to fight anti-Semitism
Here are the 22 Democrats who have said they're running for president
Rosenstein calls Comey a 'partisan pundit' in revealing speech
Retired Justice John Paul Stevens says he hopes Trump 'won't do too much damage' to the courts
Why the US-China trade war won't last
Avlon: Trump's admiration of autocrats is a pattern
Student wears graduation cap with QR code that sends people to a list of shooting victims
Oil prices jump after Saudi Arabia reports drone attack on pumping stations
Two more deaths linked to crossbow case
Impossible Whopper is coming to 3 new cities
Woman attacked on hiking trail plays dead
New guidelines to reduce risk of dementia
US city could be first to ban face recognition
Bachelorette Hannah Brown boots contestant before first rose ceremony
QB with richest NFL contract buys mom a house
Tracking the key deaths and pivotal moments
Aston Martin with James Bond gadgets will cost you
Apple launches new TV app in over 100 countries
America's virgin? Doris Day was much more than that
Where Trump has already surrendered to China
READ: Justice Breyer's dissent citing Casey v. Planned Parenthood
"Police officer shot and killed a woman who said she was pregnant, authorities say"
Late-night hosts skewer Trump's trade war with China
Student's graduation cap sends people to a list of school shooting victims
Analysis: Why the 2020 Senate map looks better than it actually is for Democrats
Montana governor announces 2020 bid
Anthony Weiner released from prison custody
At least 4 dead after two planes collide
Disney is taking full control of Hulu
Breaking down the robocall epidemic
"Madonna vows to sing at Eurovision, despite calls for boycott"
The theory behind what Kim and Kanye will name their new baby
"Reps. Omar, Schakowsky: Confront threat of white nationalism - together"
We need a comprehensive way to fight anti-Semitism
America's virgin? Doris Day was much more
Rising inequality threatens British democracy
The worst countries in Europe for LGBTI rights
Marathon leader directed the wrong way
Jacinda Ardern 'does not understand' why US has failed to toughen gun laws
The review is broadening an effort that Trump has long demanded to involve national security agencies
Trump posts Twitter tirade on Mueller report and China
Analysis: Why US-China trade war won't last
"Elizabeth Warren rejects Fox News town hall invite, slams network's 'hate-for-profit' model"
Analysis: What if Joe Biden runs away with this thing?
Don Lemon jokes: Over here is where I live ...
Pete Buttigieg and Jimmy Fallon slow jam
Did you miss the 'Game of Thrones' coffee cup?
Star quarterback spotted in episode
Dollar General built an empire on no-frills stores. Now it's going high tech
"Walmart is rolling out next-day delivery. Look out, Amazon"
Attorney General Barr is working closely with the CIA on the investigation. Trump says he didn't ask him to do it.
Ex-CIA officer says Barr wrong to use 'spying'
"Tim Conway, star of the 'Carol Burnett Show,' dies at 85"
Bayer rocked by $2 billion Roundup verdict
Former NFL star apologizes for racially insensitive remark
Attorney: They thought they could trust Monsanto
EPA says the main ingredient in Roundup doesn't cause cancer. Others aren't so sure
Cancer cases could cost Bayer billions
Bayer rebuked by shareholders
Lena Headey's reaction is how we were all feeling
"The Democratic field keeps growing by the minute, but there's only one candidate way, way ahead of the pack"
Voters worry women candidates will get 'Hillary'd' in 2020
Exclusive photos reveal children sleeping on the ground at Border Patrol station
Florida governor says two counties in the state were hacked in 2016
CIA and FBI working with Barr to review origins of Russia probe
GOP breaks filibuster of controversial circuit court judge
Ohio town worries after radioactive contamination is found at middle school
Dashcam records terrifying crash with car driving wrong way
Bayer rocked by record $2 billion Roundup verdict
We can't treat anti-Semitism as a political football
Biden-Warren feud re-emerges on campaign trail
"Her rapist was convicted and jailed by a military court. Two years later, he was freed."
Photos reveal children sleeping on the ground at Border Patrol station
Harvard law professor withdraws from Harvey Weinstein's defense team
USC coach who made fake crew profile for Lori Loughlin's daughters pleads guilty
The TJMaxx of supermarkets is going public
"4-year-old called 911 after he was left in hot car with 6 other children, police say"
Radioactive contamination found at Ohio middle school
"Good Samaritan finds dog in trash covered in maggots, flies"
Dad dies after assaulted by son during argument
Safety policies reviewed after deadly dog attack
TN Black Caucus calls for House Speaker to resign
PD: Woman steals pit bull puppy off Bronx street
Mother's Day gift picked up by an imposter
Bills super fan dies after battle with cancer
Florida woman's fishing trip ruined by love bugs
"Professor lost $50K, deceived by mail order bride"
Food bank fights to feed hungry kids in summer
Woman sues hospital for giving her info to suspected rapist
17th annual 'Ride of Silence' to honor cyclists
Powerball winner surprises woman on Mother's Day
Couple accused of locking up malnourished kids
Officials: explosion rocks Muskogee paper plant
PD engage caller who tried to scam senior out $10K
Kansas City police use drones to bust criminals
Dead mom's belongings stolen from storage unit
Murder suspected cursed out 911 dispatcher
Montana Gov. Steve Bullock announces 2020 bid
'No middle ground:' Ocasio-Cortez and activists take aim at Biden at Green New Deal rally
"Her rapist was convicted and jailed by a military court. Two years later, he was freed"
"Tim Conway, star on 'The Carol Burnett Show,' dies at 85"
Governor says two Florida counties were hacked during 2016 election
Woman attacked on Appalachian Trail played dead to save herself
"California woman beaten to death with electric scooter, police say"
"Man pleads guilty to tossing boy, 5, over Mall of America railing"
Tiger Woods sued over employee's death
A Texas police officer shot and killed a woman during arrest attempt
Terry Bradshaw apologizes for racially insensitive remark
"A 5,000-year-old mass gravesite reveals a family tragedy"
Biden's been in politics longer than any US presidential nominee ever. Here's why that matters
O'Rourke talks missteps on 'The View'
A cable network that is Foxier than Fox and Trump is promoting it
Why residents are leaving Trump Tower
"Connecticut mosque fire was arson, authorities say"
Analysis: Trump's outrageous claim about investigating the Russia probe
Tiger Woods drags PGA player for using cart
Boeing reports zero new orders for jets in April
Jimmy Kimmel signs new three-year deal
WhatsApp urges users to update app after spyware threat is found
Who is the company tied to the security breach?
"Chinese spies stole NSA hacking tools, report finds"
Opinion: We need stronger cybersecurity laws for the Internet of Things
George R.R. Martin shoots down rumor
A single mom needed to pay for a NASA internship. Hundreds of strangers chipped in to help her
Marvel got a lot of love in MTV Movie & TV Awards nominations
"The $35,000 Tesla Model 3 is no more"
Disastrous ending of 'Game of Thrones'
"Reps. Omar, Schakowsky: Confront white nationalism"
My daughter was killed on Ethiopian Airlines flight
"Arya, Lady Gaga and Avengers"
The threat hiding in plain sight
"4-year-old called 911 after he was left in hot car with 6 other kids, police say"
Radioactive contamination found at middle school
Their ideology meets the FBI definition of terrorism. Experts say they aren't treated that way because they are American and white.
FBI is investigating 850 domestic terrorism cases
Synagogue attack adds to hate-filled pattern
"FBI director: White supremacy is a 'persistent, pervasive threat'"
Cooper: How many 'fine people' would march with Nazis?
Opinion: Federal prosecutors pick up Trump's slack on homegrown terrorism
Donald Trump Jr. reaches deal with Senate committee to testify
O'Rourke: Vanity Fair cover was a mistake
ABC is not thinking of replacing Constance Wu after renewal backlash
"Reps. Omar, Schakowsky: Fighting together"
May will put her Brexit deal to a vote - for the fourth time
Danish politician: 'Yes it's me on Pornhub'
The best and worst countries in Europe for LGBTI rights
Zimbabwe sells elephants for $2.7M
Ardern 'does not understand' lax US gun laws
"The sharecropper who became Mississippi's first black female mayor and advised six US presidents, has died"
The President's eldest son agreed to talk to the Senate Intelligence Committee after it limited the scope and duration of the interview
First courtroom test for subpoena of Trump financial records
Putin: Mueller report proves there was no collusion
He's accused of war crimes and torture. Uber and Lyft approved him to drive
White supremacist terrorism is rising. Only it's not called that
Ocasio-Cortez takes veiled shot at Biden
4 dead and 2 missing after small planes collide in Alaska
Schiff probes Trump lawyers' involvement in Michael Cohen's false statement
Jurors punish Monsanto with $2 billion verdict over Roundup weedkiller. But the story's not over
Report: Whitey Bulger sent letters from prison describing his failing health
"Tim Conway, 'Carol Burnett Show' star, dies"
WhatsApp reveals major security flaw and urges users to update
Single mom needed to pay for NASA internship. Hundreds chipped in to help
Alyssa Milano: Time for a #SexStrike
North Carolina voters split on senator's subpoena of Trump's son
Police say a man killed 3 women connected to a carnival. He says it was accidental
California man who unwittingly helped Russian meddling released from prison
Analysis: Will 2020 be a battle between 70-somethings?
Opinion: William Barr's terrible judgment
Quickly catch up on the day's business news
Tiger Woods rips PGA player for using cart
Stan Lee's former manager is charged with elder abuse
San Francisco bans facial-recognition technology
The story of Whitey Bulger
What we learned from his death certificate
Read his death certificate
Bulger's former prison warden says the mob boss 'wanted to die'
Whitey Bulger in his own words
Opinion: What's behind Whitey Bulger's death?
"In so many societies, women's power is a secret. But here, the secret is out"
These baby sloths are living their best life
Georgia's governor vetoes a bill requiring elementary schools to have recess every day
Teen loses more than 100 pounds walking to school every day
4 dead after two planes collide in flight in Alaska
