Trump lawyers fighting tax return request
Defamation case brought by seven women against Bill Cosby settled
Saudi Arabia denies role in Bezos' affair leak
Trump is spouting nonsense at a greater rate
"A New Zealand family found the device livestreaming from the living room of the house they rented in Cork, Ireland"
Here's how Airbnb went from air mattresses to rental empire
Cameras secretly recorded women in hospital delivery rooms
Why it's so hard to give up ridesharing
Trump criticizes a 'Judge Flores' who does not exist
Pompeo suggests Mar-a-Lago breach tied to Chinese espionage
"Cosby lawsuit reaches settlement, but Cosby representatives say he didn't approve it"
Cooper debunks Trump's tax return claims
India under Modi: A growing economy but not enough jobs
The characters most likely to survive 'Avengers: Endgame'
Mom explains how they found hidden camera
"Trump rejects idea of summit with Mexican, Central American presidents"
"Just released from jail, Florida man arrested in parking lot for breaking into cars"
HUD's lawsuit against Facebook is a dagger at the heart of the consumer internet
AOC responds to claim of 'Southern drawl' to black crowd
Cuomo: Trump did his least at the border
Erin Burnett: Trump lied when he said this
"Her family was throwing a baby shower. After a police standoff, they're planning funerals"
Lemon and Cuomo blast 'Christian hypocrisy' over Trump border policy
The pace of the President's bold statements followed by retreat means nobody knows when to trust his words
Trump suddenly pulls ICE nominee to go with someone 'tougher'
Anderson Cooper lists Trump's 'campaign of retreats'
"Trump blasts Dems, after endorsing their goal on Mueller report"
Trump backpedals: 'I don't think we'll ever have to close' border
Trump punts on health care until after the 2020 election
Rep. Ocasio-Cortez responds to claim she used 'Southern drawl' to black crowd
Ruling on grand jury records could affect release of Mueller report details
Family finds hidden camera livestreaming from their Airbnb in Ireland
Trump's border shutdown threat left them in limbo. Here's what they want you to know
Mexico is apprehending more migrants. Is it because of Trump?
"Family was throwing a baby shower. After police standoff, they're planning funerals"
Some cans of Hunt's tomato paste recalled over mold concerns
Trump to immigrants: 'Turn around'
"Jennifer Hart drove family off a cliff as her wife looked up how much they would suffer, a jury says"
Cosby says he didn't OK payment to 7 women who sued him for defamation
Packers fallout: Any hope for LaFleur?
MacKenzie Bezos will be world's fourth-richest woman
Zion Williamson is AP's 'Player of the Year'
Some cans of Hunt's tomato paste recalled
NFLer reportedly gets contract worth over $100M
NBA star makes triple-double history
"President Trump: Our country is full, turn around"
"Jennifer Hart drove her family off a cliff while her wife looked up how much they would suffer, a jury says"
Son of Hart family made headlines in 2014
Oregon had Minnesota child abuse report before investigating Hart family
Lemon and Cuomo blast 'Christian hypocrisy' over Trump policy
"Analysis: In one week, 4 major Trump spins and flips"
How to find hidden cameras in your Airbnb
MacKenzie Bezos will be fourth-richest woman
A dagger to the consumer internet
"With 5 beers in her system, Jennifer Hart drove her six adopted children off a cliff while her wife sat in the passenger seat searching how much they'd suffer"
"Pete Buttigieg's not-so-secret weapon is his husband, Chasten"
Joe Biden's handling of Anita Hill hearing re-emerges with latest controversy
"Analysis: In a week, 4 major Trump spins"
Boeing will cut 737 Max production as it works to get plane back in the air
"E. coli outbreak sickens 72 people, CDC says"
"Albany, NY, coping with ransomware attack"
Elisabeth Hasselbeck nearly quit 'The View' in 2006 after scolding
Why Gwyneth Paltrow feels like an impostor
"Kathie Lee Gifford says she is 'evolving,' not retiring, as she exits the 'Today' show"
'Shazam!' and 'Pet Sematary' take over box office
Rwandan rape survivors and their children
"After Brexit, Europe will never be the same again"
Saudi execution of woman draws criticism
Finnish school attempts to 'sell' happiness
Rapper stuns fans by joining Drake on stage
"It may take 2 years to identify thousands of separated families, government says"
Suspect arrested in apparent road rage killing of 10-year-old girl
Is Super Bowl-winning QB worth $134 million?
Trailer for new 'Joker' film is bone-chilling
"This farm house may look 100 years old, but the inside will stun you"
Toddler hijacks CNN interview about her adoption
Final Four star's mantra: '$10 or $10 million?'
Ranking the Final Four teams
Expert Final Four predictions
Final Four star balances parenthood and being a student athlete
Does Goop need science when it has Gwyneth Paltrow?
"Rape survivors and their children, 25 years later"
New York man charged with threatening to assault and kill Rep. Ilhan Omar
"Analysis: De Blasio 2020? So far, polls say voters don't want it"
Suspect arrested in apparent road rage killing of 10-year-old
'Captain America' dives into politics
Ukraine President takes drug test before debating comedian in stadium
This senator wants to change a big NCAA rule
The frightening future of robocalls: Numbers and voices you know
Nirvana frontman Kurt Cobain
9 tips for living with heart failure
"Analysis: De Blasio 2020? So far, polls say no"
"Analysis: After Brexit, Europe will never be the same again"
Analysis: Trump's credibility faces new questions
"Former Sen. Ernest ""Fritz"" Hollings dies at 97"
British Army chief condemns 'unacceptable' behavior after six troops arrested over sex assault
"At current pace it'll take 80 years to repair all  structurally deficient bridges in US, report"
HUD v. FB: A dagger to the consumer internet
"Buttigieg on faith, his marriage and Mike Pence"
How a memo became a moment that redefined the immigration debate
CNN anchor confronts Trump 2020 board member over immigration
British Army chief condemns behavior after 6 troops arrested over sexual assault claims
NBA's 2019 Hall of Fame class revealed
Women in my family taught me to fight injustice
New Orleans to apologize for lynching of Italians
Florida man arrested in jail parking lot after he was just released
Father of girl who died after school fight wants answers
Two US citizens arrested Saudi Arabia
The Trump administration policy that erupted into an immigrant family separations crisis at the border officially began with a memo issued a year ago today
CNN anchor confronts Trump board member on immigration
Jake Tapper on Trump plaque: This is strange ...
Trump rejects idea of summit with Central American presidents
Reporter asks Biden: What's the hold up?
"As she drove her family off a cliff, her wife looked up how much they'd suffer"
Pro golfer misses cut after clubs stolen
MLB star rips league over its marketing
"$20K in jewelry, purses stolen from coach's home"
"Notre Dame, Baylor reach women's title game"
Google scraps ethics council days announcing it
"Robocalls: What AT&T, Comcast and Verizon are doing about them"
Why John Oliver is spamming FCC with robocalls
Why robocalls are about to get more dangerous
This is going to be the world's deepest swimming pool
He helped build the US nuclear bomb. Did he also share secrets with the Soviets?
Obama worries about progressives' unwillingness to compromise
Obama jokes: Michelle would leave me if I ran again
Suspicious fires consume 3 black churches in 10 days in a Louisiana parish
Children and parents reported sex abuse for years. Why did no one believe them?
Limo employee faces 40 criminal counts after crash killed 20 people
Einstein's theory was put to the test
"Of the 17 hopefuls vying for the Democratic nomination, there's only one whose spouse has become a talker"
How Buttigieg hopes to get the youth vote
Buttigieg discusses a possible presidential first
Analysis: Is America ready for an all-female 2020 ticket? Kamala Harris wants to find out.
A guide to the hottest 2020 presidential campaign swag
Herman Cain: Let them go out and dig up old allegations
The memo that redefined immigration debate
Obama jokes about Michelle leaving him
Watch kicker find out he gets a scholarship
It's not just any call. It's from you
New plane wing moves like a bird's
What's the supersonic hold up?
Hawaiian Airlines launches the longest US domestic route with Honolulu-Boston flight
Examining Trump's claims on the border
Her family was throwing her a baby shower. They're now planning funerals after a police standoff turned fatal.
It's not just any call. It's from your number
Opinion: What happened when Einstein's theory was put to the test
Alleged robber hits gas station for $2K worth of cigarettes
Brewers superfan: 100-year-old woman throws out first pitch
Gillibrand sees Trump as 'a toddler who is melting down and making bad decisions'
Three black churches have been set on fire in 10 days and officials are suspicious
Experts warn of a frightening future: Robocalls are numbers you recognize and the voice sounds like someone you know
Trump says asylum seekers look like they're 'fighting for the UFC'
Coachella worker dies after fall in staging area
McDonald's will no longer offer these items after midnight
How tight is the job market? Taco Bell is throwing 'hiring parties'
The Land of Immortals: How and what Japan's oldest population eats
Landmark day arrives for Santa Anita Park after recent surge in horse deaths
Former Auburn football coach announces bid for Doug Jones' Senate seat
