"The Department of Homeland Security is planning some 218 miles of new and replacement barriers along the US-Mexico border, documents show"
Fact checking Trump's border wall claims on Hannity
Barr offers to testify before Congress
"DeVos didn't forgive student loans for months after court order, data show"
The 5th-grader hurt in a classroom fight died 2 days later. Here's what we know
"The Jussie Smollett prosecutor 'misled the public,' group says"
Why did prosecutors drop all charges?
Toobin and Cooper grill Smollett's attorney
Chicago mayor accuses Trump of creating 'hate-filled environment' that led to 'hoax'
Opinion: Jussie Smollett isn't the problem. We are
"Shriver,Kasich: America came together for Special Olympics"
El Chapo's family hopes to create a clothing line with drug lord's brand
"Parliament votes against Brexit deal, likely killing it off for good"
DOJ asks judge to send Butina back to Russia
Autopsy determines 7-year-old in US custody died from sepsis
"WH budget office, not DeVos, pushed for Special Olympics cuts, official says"
"A former Nevada politician alleges Joe Biden kissed the back of her head in 2014, making her feel 'uneasy, gross and confused'"
Jeff Flake: Better a Democrat win in 2020 than Trump
Man let out of prison too early may have deal to avoid going back
No. 5 Auburn upsets No. 1 North Carolina
No. 2 Michigan State handles No. 3 LSU
What we're ignoring about Manafort's sentence
NYT: Romanian immigrant who drove Trump family has been in ICE custody for 8 months
Watch Zion Williamson's monster dunk against Virginia Tech
Trump calls Jussie Smollett case 'an absolute embarrassment'
Opinion: We're not equipping reality stars for internet fame. That must change
Ocasio-Cortez responds to 'AOC sucks!' Trump rally chant
Jakelin Caal Maquin died two days after she and her father were detained. The family's lawyer says report suggests earlier medical intervention would've helped
Here's where they want to build the border wall
What type of COPD do you have?
Many hoped the end of Mueller's probe might be a turning point for a President no longer preoccupied with an encroaching investigator
House Democrats to vote on a resolution Tuesday condemning Trump on health care move
"Barr: Congress will have Mueller report by 'mid-April, if not sooner'"
Don Lemon: This could mean a lot of redactions
Autopsy finds 7-year-old died from sepsis while in US custody
"Analysis: Now more than ever, Britain needs a general election"
Fifth grader hurt in a classroom fight died 2 days later. Here's what we know
Burnett: Battle lines drawn over Mueller report release
Where they want to build border wall
Analysis: Think you hate your politicians? Britons hate theirs even more.
Alex Jones says 'form of psychosis' made him believe events like Sandy Hook were staged
An officer posted a racist meme in 2017 and is now the town's police chief
'Game of Thrones' is wrapping up and we have SO many questions we need answered
MLBer makes history within his first two games on a new team
Watch Zion Williamson's monster dunk
Winners and losers from Friday's Sweet 16
Duke's incredible freshmen save their season again
Elite Eight power rankings
Trump's post-Mueller victory lap is clouded by chaos
"For a brief period tonight, some parts of the world will go dark. It's Earth Hour"
Trump administration planned a road through a wildlife refuge. Judge says that violates the law
Psychosis in teens may be linked to an unlikely culprit: air pollution
'Doomsday vault' town warming faster than any other on Earth
Greenland's most critical glacier is gaining ice
Georgia's 'heartbeat' abortion bill is one of several across US. Where do the bills stand?
"Alex Jones admits Sandy Hook was real, says 'form of psychosis' caused distrust"
"Smollett prosecutor misled public, group says"
MLBer makes history in first games on new team
Nicolas Cage files for annulment days after marrying
Apple cancels plans for AirPower charging mat
Parts of the world will go dark for Earth Hour
Video: Zion Williamson's best dunks in wild win
This is how many trips to Mar-a-Lago would pay for cuts
Steve Bannon predicts a 'very vitriolic' year
"WH not DeVos pushed for Special Olympics cuts, official says"
Opinion: Schiff's comments highlight problem
Thousands protest on anniversary of Gaza march
Olympic medalist opens up about depression
$150 million title race: Who will win the Premier League?
The race where there 'is no second': America's Cup A to Z
Tayla Harris: How 'repulsive' social media comments sparked outrage in Australia
How voters are processing the end of Mueller
House Democrats to vote condemning Trump's health care move
Anderson Cooper pokes fun at awkward DeVos moment
The Trump administration planned a road cutting through an Alaska wildlife refuge. A federal judge says that violates federal law
Report: Theresa May seeks fourth Brexit vote
"Post-Mueller, Democratic moderates seize the momentum from progressives"
O'Rourke to hold first three large rallies
CBD is everywhere. Here's what's next
"Colon cancer misdiagnosis in younger adults is a concern, study suggests"
Star gymnast opens up about sex abuse
Tim Cook says Apple Card is a game changer
Lyft drivers question company's future
California community buried by massive snowfall
Cardi B opens up about her past
The rarely seen photos of Burkina Faso nightlife
Red Cross to begin aid to Venezuela
See immigration activist shut down attempted ICE arrest
Boeing grounding will cost Europe's biggest tour company $225 million
"Duke's incredible freshmen saved their season, again"
Twitter goes wild after UNC upset
Release of the Mueller report is coming. How redacted will it be?
Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez responds to 'AOC sucks!' Trump rally chant
Trump: Navy SEAL charged with murder moving to 'less restrictive confinement'
Student reacts to mom's 'no leggings' plea
George Clooney calls for hotel boycott over Brunei
"A tough grandma, an amusing baby boom and a teacher's brilliant idea"
There's a man hiding in this photo - can you spot him?
Democrats signal change in fight between liberals and moderates
Controversy over prayer during lawmaker's swearing-in
Michelle Obama's ex-top aide texted Smollett prosecutor early in the case. Some want that investigated
ICE officers stopped his car. Then he stopped them from arresting anyone inside
NBA star turned around his broken team
Mom's 'no leggings' plea goes viral
Doctors advise Mick Jagger not to go on tour
On-demand companies rewired our lives. Now they must survive Wall Street
Parts of the world will go dark for Earth Hour tonight
Jeff Flake: Better a Democrat win in 2020
Owning mistakes is 'part of who I am': Beto O'Rourke explains his policy reversals
Michelle Obama's ex-aide helped connect Smollett's family with prosecutor
What Reagan's would-be assassin is up to
Ukraine might elect a comedian for president
Tina Tchen's involvement in the case has sparked accusations of favoritism and some want Smollett's dropped charges investigated
Prosecutor says she welcomes an outside review of how her office handled the Jussie Smollett case
"The Jussie Smollett prosecutor 'misled the public' about the dropped felony charges, a lawyers group says"
Late-night hosts take swipes at 'Empire' star Jussie Smollett
Taraji P. Henson and more react to mollett case being dropped
Scrutiny over GOP lawmaker's prayer before Muslim representative's swearing-in
"State Dept. says US cutting off aid to El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras"
Trump's victory lap clouded by chaos
Beto O'Rourke explains his policy reversals
CNN's Michael Smerconish slams Alex Jones: It's total BS
An Illinois State Police trooper was killed in a wrong-way crash. He's the 2nd to die this week and the 16th hit this year
"Perspectives: Boeing can regain public trust, but it's running out of time"
This is what Reagan's shooter is up to now
Reports: Nebraska hires ex-NBA head coach
Best NBA prospects in the Elite Eight
The man who said 'No' to Netflix
Walmart spent $16 billion to go big in India. She has to make it work
She invests in founders others ignore. It's working
Stores fear Amazon. Kohl's embraced it
She made Roseanne a hit again. Then she fired her
Duke aren't favorites to win tournament anymore
Video goes viral of Pope dodging ring kisses
The State Department announced the cuts a day after Trump said the countries had 'set up' migrant caravans for entry into the US
Trump sends stern threat: I'm not playing games
Cuomo: This is the reality Trump didn't sell you
Trump adds a deadline on his threat to close the border
NYT: Romanian immigrant who drove Trump family has been in ICE custody for eight months
Clinton spokesman claps back at Buttigieg
Michelle Obama's ex-top aide texted the Jussie Smollett prosecutor early in the case. Some want that investigated
Alex Jones admits Sandy Hook was real and says a 'form of psychosis' caused his disbelief
An Illinois State trooper was killed in a wrong-way crash. He's the 2nd to die this week
Tiger Woods defeats Rory McIlroy
Teen battling leukemia gets surprise after someone stole his bike
Schiff's speech to the intelligence committee highlights a big problem
The State Department announced the actions a day after Trump said the countries had 'set up' migrant caravans for entry into the US
Driver stops ICE officers from arresting anyone inside his car
O'Rourke says nation's political hierarchy must be 'broken apart'
"Navy SEAL charged with murder moving to 'less restrictive confinement,' Trump says"
"In Ukraine's election, a comedian might be voters' best choice"
Eurostar disrupted as flag-wearing protester spends night on London station roof
Red Cross will start bringing aid to Venezuela
El Chapo's family hopes to create a clothing line
A plea for students to stop wearing leggings prompts backlash
Can you predict who will win $150 million title race?
Judge rules Trump executive order allowing offshore drilling in Arctic Ocean is unlawful
Why 'swatting' is such a dangerous prank
"Obama's actions preventing drilling for oil in parts of the Arctic Ocean must remain in effect unless revoked by Congress, federal judge rules"
Judge: Climate change must be considered in oil drilling leases
Climate expert: US is asleep at the wheel
Alaska hit 70 degrees this week - earlier than ever before
"US cutting off aid to Honduras, El Salvador and Guatemala"
Zuckerberg calls for more regulation of the internet
Brunei's new law says gay people can be stoned to death. How the world is reacting
Aunt donated eggs and grandmother carried baby so that gay couple could have a child
Lakers shut down Lebron for rest of season
Al Gore: Trump's climate change denial creates supporters
"US cutting off aid to Honduras, El Salvador and Guatemala over migrant caravans"
Overcrowded Texas facility is releasing 300 undocumented immigrants a day
Brunei's new law says gay people can be stoned to death. The world reacts.
Woman gives birth to her own grandchild
Michelle Obama's ex-aide texted the Jussie Smollett prosecutor early in the case
Duke no longer favorite to win NCAA tournament
"'Accio payday!' A Harry Potter book just sold for almost $100,000"
"New York county's move on vaccinations was bold, necessary and perfectly legal"
Veteran in need of service dog raises money with paintings
Cherry trees to be removed ahead of NFL Draft
Video shows deadly shooting at gas station
"Woman runs over ex-husband, escapes"
PD: Man placed camera in family's home to spy
Uber driver accused of raping woman arrested
Good Samaritans tackle erratic Jaguar driver
WATCH: Truck crashes into nail salon
Drivers in road rage incident identified by police
Daycare worker charged with child abuse
Girlfriend charged in death of man run over in parking lot
Man sentenced to die must be re-sentenced
16-yo charged after deputy killed in crash
Abuse outside assisted living home caught on cam
Woman recognizes thief after seeing her on TV
Parents speak about daughter's sudden death at jail
Columbine students start campaign to share images of their body if killed in gun violence
