The acting defense secretary fired a weapon at the border. Here's why that's unusual
"The best, worst and weirdest Oscar hosts of all time"
PD officers push elderly man over 3 blocks after scooter breaks down
ACLU: VO shows inappropriate awards at banquet
Rare group of otters sighted in Milwaukee
11-yo boy on life support after attempting suicide
Shots fired outside church during funeral
At least 60 members of Venezuela's military have fled the country as tensions escalate
Nun reads riot act to Catholic bishops over clergy sex abuse
Judge sets R. Kelly's bond at $1 million in sex abuse case
"Opinion: I learned to love my freckles. After this week's social media debate, will China?"
Man delivered after pregnant mom was murdered now a police officer
Officers push elderly man over 3 blocks after scooter breaks down
Opinion: Five takeaways from Manafort's sentencing memo
Trump and Kim: an opportunity for peace or high-stakes ego trip?
What if Trump refuses to accept defeat in 2020?
The hate Jussie allegedly faked happened to me
Feinstein gets in a heated debate with schoolkids
Trump admin weighs softening demands ahead of second North Korea summit
Jim Boeheim addresses accidentally killing man in crash
R. Kelly's bond set at $1M in sex abuse case
Opinion: The hate Jussie Smollett is accused of faking happened to me
"Leprosy still lurks in United States, study says"
Why freckles are considered 'ugly' in China
How this culture is pushing back against beauty standards
Photos: Challenging ideas of masculinity
Powerful female portraits challenge gender norms
These brands use virtual makeovers to sell real makeup
Hear last exchange between pilot and air traffic control
The unexpected history of the red carpet
The ultimate all-you-can-eat noodle binge
"In the wake of the Jamal Khashoggi murder scandal, the young prince needed some good PR. So, he headed East"
Prosecutors: Manafort's 'criminal actions were bold'
Graham changes tune on Trump strategy
Feinstein gets in a heated debate with kids
Body recovered after cargo jet crashes
Maduro breaks relations with Colombia
R. Kelly's bond set at $1M
ISIS' true believers insist it will survive
FDA proposes new sunscreen regulations
You love movies. You love travel. Here's where to go.
Toxic moonshine kills 133 people and leaves hundreds hospitalized
The US Secretary of State denounced the Venezuelan President's obstruction of aid deliveries to his country
Analysis: Saudi Crown Prince gets a hero's welcome in Asia
Terrence Howard breaks his silence after arrest of co-star and TV son Jussie Smollett
Nazi drawings found at NY elementary school
Body recovered after a cargo plane crashes
China's definition of beauty could be changing
The Pontiff spoke on the final day of a historic summit on clergy sexual abuse but offered no concrete steps to address the church's massive crisis
This archbishop wants Pope Francis to resign
Cardinal Dolan: My mom is ashamed to be Catholic
Last exchange between pilot and air traffic control released
Meghan and Harry start whirlwind tour of Morocco amid security concerns
Pompeo calls Maduro a 'sick tyrant'
Coach addresses accidentally killing man in crash
They are challenging fashion stereotypes
This culture is pushing back against beauty standards
Video of the world's largest bee will shock you
"Opinion: Political drama is reaching new heights (yes, that's still possible)"
There are 14 candidates on the ballot for Chicago mayor
Who will win and who should
First time Oscars nom has already made history
Predict the winners with your own ballot
Why Netflix and Hollywood spend millions to win
Bingo cards to help get you through the show
The 'Empire' actor is supporting his television son after Smollett was accused of staging a hate crime attack
Late-night comics tackle the Jussie Smollett scandal
D.L. Hughley: We've ceded ability to call BS when we see it
Smollett's character cut from season's final 2 episodes of 'Empire'
Smollett apologizes to 'Empire' cast and crew
Why would anyone lie about being a victim of a crime?
John King challenges Kamala Harris: I want a better answer
Harris: It's important 'we be as transparent as possible' with Mueller report
Senator's viral speech lambasting Cruz made waves. Now he's testing 2020 waters in Iowa
Acting defense secretary fired a weapon at the border. Here's why that's unusual
Toxic moonshine kills 133 and leaves hundreds hospitalized
Pope calls abusive clergy 'tools of Satan'
These 14 people think they are best-suited to run a city still reeling from major scandals
Lyft IPO is a pure bet on US ridesharing market
Opinion: Let Britain's 'Favourite' win
Green New Deal is feasible and affordable
Trump and Kim: a high-stakes ego trip?
Your Amazon stories we couldn't stop reading
Pompeo contradicts Trump tweet on North Korea threat
Senator's speech lambasting Cruz made waves. Now he's testing 2020 waters in Iowa
Opinion: Get ready for a wild week
The 14 people who want to run Chicago
Pompeo confident Venezuelans 'will ensure that Maduro's days are numbered'
NFL owner reportedly buys $180 million yacht
LeBron questions Lakers' mentality after loss
MLB star 'fundamentally' against pitch clock
"Blackface is not a good look, and other important lessons that fashion brands learned this month"
Burberry apologizes for hoodie with noose
Katy Perry faces criticism over shoe design
Opinion: China's definition of beauty could be changing
Crucial Brexit vote delayed (again)
"A crucial part of China's 5G efforts, company is in a life or death battle with the US"
MLB star pitcher is against this attempt to speed up the game
Important lessons that fashion brands learned this month
Gucci apologizes for sweater
Theresa May delays Brexit vote to buy more time... again
Toxic moonshine kills 133 people and leaves hundreds hospitalized in India
All eyes are on Huawei as the world's biggest mobile tech show gets started
Why teacher strikes are touching every part of America
These 14 people think they are best-suited to run a city reeling from major scandals
Trump said the country was no longer a nuclear threat after June's summit. Pompeo's contradiction comes ahead of the second meeting between Trump and Kim.
Trump admin weighs softening demands ahead of second summit
Opinion: What Trump must force Kim to do in Vietnam
Defectors reveal gruesome details of Kim Jong Un's reign
Analysis: What's the Trump Doctrine? Depends who you ask
Opinion: Trump and Kim - a high-stakes ego trip?
Terrence Howard breaks his silence on TV son Smollett
Ex-NFLer house-ridden waiting for kidney transplant
"Schiff: Dems willing to have Mueller testify, subpoena report if it's not made public"
'Singin' in the Rain' director dead at 94
Meghan and Harry start tour of Morocco despite security concerns
Has Meghan Markle adopted a British accent?
"Meghan is 'vilified' in media like Diana, Clooney says"
Beyonce and Jay-Z's unexpected tribute to Meghan
Opinion: Problem isn't Meghan. It's the monarchy
The House intel chair says he's willing to sue if the special counsel's report isn't made public
Harris: It's important to be as transparent as possible
Late-night comics poke fun at Mueller investigation
Trump touts 4th of July event
Saudi Arabia's first female ambassador to US
Opinion: Bernie Sanders' glaring weakness
Tennessee flooding kills 1 and prompts a state of emergency
Terrence Howard breaks his silence on TV son Jussie Smollett
Toxic moonshine kills 133 people
"Huawei takes on Samsung with its $2,600 foldable phone"
Exxon and Microsoft's deal could become a model for the energy industry
Important lessons fashion brands learned after a month of faux pas
5 takeaways from Manafort's sentencing memo
What Trump must force Kim to do in Vietnam
Terrence Howard breaks silence on Smollett
Analysis: Smollett's race card is about to be declined
US soldiers hospitalized after wreck
Officers rescue elderly couple from house fire
Kids use black history  to connect to present
Man charged after stabbing two people
Bennett College sues accreditation board
Community raising money for Cystic Fibrosis
Child shot following Mardi Gras parade
Teen gang member fatally shot in the head
"PD: Shooter grabs security guard gun, opens fire"
Employee arrested in convenience store stabbing
U.S. Customs intercepts $19 million in cocaine
Cab driver talks about being shot twice
School gets visit from Civil Rights pioneer
"Man expects pizza delivery, is arrested instead"
Children's zoo hatches first-ever penguin chick
Chris Cuomo explains how Mueller report will fill in the gaps
Man wrongfully incarcerated for 39 years gets $21M in settlement
Analysis: 'Empire' actor's race card is about to be declined
Washington Post: White House plans to assemble group of scientists to re-evaluate climate science conclusions
Taylor Swift performs surprise serenade at couple's engagement party
NASA renames facility for real-life 'Hidden Figures' hero Katherine Johnson
Trump's July 4th celebration sounds like a salute to Trump
"Kelly's attorney said his client doesn't have the $100,000 he needs to leave police custody. And the R&B singer's money problems don't stop there."
Commentator: R. Kelly's accusers were ignored because they're black
R. Kelly turns himself in to Chicago police after being indicted on sexual abuse charges
Hear the disturbing details of new tape in R. Kelly case
Black women would not rest until R. Kelly was investigated
'Finally': R. Kelly indictment has been a long time coming for many
Opinion: Trump's July 4th celebration sounds like a salute to Trump
"Schiff: Dems willing to have Mueller testify, subpoena report"
Oscars eye history after chaotic run up to awards
Hear decades of allegations against R. Kelly
CNN has seen tape Avenatti says shows R. Kelly having sex with underage girl
"Trump will delay tariff increases on China, meet with President Xi"
Red carpet photos from the 2019 Oscars
Spike Lee pays homage to Prince and Radio Raheem
Analysis: Who will win and who should
Why the US can't afford a Green New Deal
The hate Smollett is accused of faking happened to me
