Migrants in surge fare worse in immigration court than other groups
"Under ICBM's red glare, Pyongyang pretties up its 'pyramid'"
Australia airport securitys stay heighted over terror plot
Australia airport security stays heighted over terror plot
The Latest: Venezuela socialist leader snubs foreign critics
The Latest: Venezuela official says vote had high turnout
The Latest: Venezuela opposition urges vote protest Monday
"The Latest: Abe, Trump agree to action against North Korea"
Luggage screening intensified after Australia airplane plot
Vietnam arrests 4 activists accused of attempted subversion
"The love-hate relationship between Trump and Sessions, in four acts"
The Latest: State Department condemns vote in Venezuela
Many Venezuelans skip polls to protest government vote
Venezuela electoral body: 8 million voted for constitutional assembly; opposition disputes it
The Latest: Venezuela electoral body says 8 million voted
Supreme courts expose the frailty of democracies around the world
Venezuela: more than 8 million grant government more power
5 of Chris Christie's most viral moments
Election council says 8M voted to create Venezuelan assembly
Philippine troops capture key bridge near Marawi militants
China criticizes British freedom of navigation mission plans
Turnout in Venezuela assembly vote another point of conflict
Officials: Afghan children smuggled to Pakistan seminaries
Australian court debates release of Queen's secret letters
Philippine police says crackdown targeting more drug lords
Sessions intends to hold on to the job he loves
Saudi Arabia: Attack in Shite area kills security officer
Video: Fact Checker's guide to the debt ceiling
Afghan police say a car bombing has targeted the Iraqi Embassy in central Kabul; casualties as yet unknown
Pence holds talks with 3 Baltic presidents
Afghan police: Car bombing targets Iraq Embassy in Kabul
Cannon salute marks centenary of WWI battle assault
Transgender soldier fears life setback after Trump's tweet
Uganda says al-Shabab kills 12 soldiers in Somalia ambush
Philippine police say crackdown to target more drug lords
Putin says the U.S. Mission in Russia needs to cut 755 employees. What do all these people do?
Inflation remains weak in eurozone despite stronger growth
Study finds aardvarks suffering as African climate heats up
Anti-Qatar bloc opens 'emergency routes' to Qatari planes
The Latest: IS claims attack on Iraqi Embassy in Kabul
Myanmar police arrest journalist ahead of defamation trial
A Fact Checker's guide to the debt ceiling
"Iraqi Embassy in Kabul targeted by bombing, gunmen"
Putin lays down a number: US must cut 755 Moscow diplomats
Nancy Pelosi's fundraising breaks $25 million for 2017
The Trump administration wants regime change in Iran. But regime change usually doesn't work.
Why India's ban on self-driving cars is misguided
VP Pence in Estonia: Attack on 1 NATO ally is attack on all
The Latest: Afghan ministry: Suicide bomber hit Iraq embassy
"A talk with Trump on North Korea? After vacation, Seoul says"
The Latest: Kremlin say US political will needed to fix ties
WikiLeaks issues leaked Macron campaign emails to its site
"Parents, caretaker neglected children living in feces-fouled room in Medicaid fraud"
The Daily 202: Trump's warped view of loyalty and the conceit of 'the Oct. 8th coalition'
Campaign emails from French President Macron part of latest political leak
"Pakistan ruling party's choice for next PM, others seek post"
Myanmar police detain journalist ahead of defamation trial
Dire wolves were real. Now someone is trying to resurrect them.
The Latest: Afghan police say attack on Iraq Embassy is over
"Trump had a terrible July, but at least he played a lot of golf"
The Latest: EU concerned for future of Venezuelan democracy
Al-Qaida fighters to be evacuated from Lebanon-Syria border
UK court blocks ex-general's bid to prosecute Blair
The 4 key things you need to know about Trump's proposed ban on transgender military service
The Finance 202: Big money cavalry rides to tax overhaul's rescue
The Latest: US VP wants better relations with Russia
Germans hand over Ainu skull taken from Japan grave in 1879
"Royals, descendants mark centenary of futile WWI battle"
Albanian drone-flying soccer fan seeks asylum in Croatia
Kenya election official found dead just days before vote
IS targets Iraq Embassy in Kabul; all 4 attackers killed
"Slovenia sees tourism boom, thanks in part to Melania Trump"
Austria: Court convicts man who questioned gassing of Jews
US military: Drone strike kills al-Shabab fighter in Somalia
House Republicans have spent 378 hours on votes to undercut Obamacare that went nowhere
The Energy 202: Energy bill could be Trump's first big win
The Latest: Official: US strike targeted an al-Shabab leader
The Health 202: Trump turns glare to health care subsidies
What our Google searches reveal about the drug epidemic
A dozen inmates broke out of an Alabama jail. One is still on the loose.
AP PHOTOS: Ox Cart Festival celebrates Brazil colonial days
German court: model deserves damages for disastrous hair dye
Archaeologists at Angkor Wat find large buried statue
Trump says White House has 'tremendous' support and 'fantastic leader' in Kelly
"Kenya election official tortured, killed days before vote"
India seizes heroin worth millions of dollars
"Trump swears in Kelly as new chief of staff, promising a 'spectacular job'"
Ex-Royal Marine sentenced to 18 years
Prosecutors: Hamburg attacker hoped to die as 'martyr'
Romanian official: Russian deputy PM tried to flout EU ban
Thousands to be evacuated from Lebanon-Syria border
"Europe's jobs market is healing, but wages still a weak link"
Trump on North Korea: 'It will be handled. We handle everything.'
Trump holds Cabinet meeting with new chief of staff
U.S. displays military firepower after North Korea's latest ICBM test
Venezuela government claims mandate to recast system
'I am transgender': A US soldier shares personal journey
Spain's tourist numbers up a record 12 percent in first half
"It's not impossible: Four ways Republicans could revive health care, ranked least to most likely"
Internet searches on suicide went up after '13 Reasons Why'
"The pro-Trump news bubble hasn't burst, but it is losing air"
Discovery to buy Scripps in a $14.6 billion deal to lock down lucrative female demographic
Putin says the U.S. diplomatic mission in Russia needs to cut 755 employees. What do all these people do?
The Insane New Yorker Interview: A dramatic reenactment
It's not impossible: Four ways Republicans could still take action on Obamacare
Internet searches on suicide went up after '13 Reasons Why' released by Netflix
Venezuela defiant as US moves to sanction oil industry
France: 2 centers to handle migrants returning to Calais
"When your metabolism slows down, the pounds add up. Some solutions."
"Sinkhole shuts factory, halts riverboat traffic in Sweden"
US-Russia ties at new low with expulsions of diplomats
The Latest: VP Pence assures Baltics of protection
Pence takes tough tone on Russia after Moscow retaliates against sanctions legislation
Here's how untethered the Trump administration is from the Republican Party
Putin is playing hardball with Trump. And Trump is conspicuously silent.
"We only have a 5 percent chance of avoiding 'dangerous' global warming, a study finds"
"With low turnout, Venezuela's election will create what opponents call 'puppet congress'"
"In Venezuela and Pakistan, supreme courts are at the heart of political crises"
The Latest: Afghanistan says 2 Iraq embassy staff killed
The Latest: Somalia says strike killed al-Shabab commander
"Your stoner friend really is a lot more relaxed than you, scientists confirm"
Dozens detained in Congo as opposition urges elections
Greek authorities battle big wildfire south of Athens
Malawi issues arrest warrant for former president in scandal
Teen guilty of manslaughter over death of Polish man in UK
Al-Shabab commander thought killed in Somalia airstrike
Top French court orders government to offer humanitarian aid to Calais migrants
Watchdog group asks Congress to probe Rep. Wasserman Schultz over fired IT aide
Uffizi announces new pricing scheme as of Sept. 1
What's next? New Venezuela assembly has vast powers
Say goodbye to $2.30 gas if Trump goes hard after Venezuela
"Insufficient sleep may add more than an inch to your waist, study suggests"
MSF rejects Italy's rules for migrant rescue ships
Millennials aren't taking over politics just yet
"As Maduro takes Venezuela into uncharted waters, the opposition has few options"
"Why doesn't South Korea have nuclear weapons? For a time, it pursued them."
Russia urges US to fix ties as it cuts US diplomatic staff
"The presidential glass ceiling still intact, but new report shows black women made gains in 2016"
China says US and North Korea are key to peace - not Beijing
Nice airport worker and passenger end up in altercation
"The presidential glass ceiling is still intact, but new report shows black women made gains in 2016"
Insurers just stepped in to avoid an Obamacare disaster
"A soldier survived 48 hours of terror in Vietnam. Today, he receives the Medal of Honor."
5 inspirational first pitches
Uffizi encourages longer visits with new pricing scheme
Anthony Scaramucci removed as White House communications director
"John Kelly's greatest challenge now is 'without question' Trump himself, expert says"
Italy and Cyprus agree to boost security in Mediterranean
Trump's favorite poll is probably not his favorite today
"S.C. utilities halt work on new nuclear reactors, dimming the prospects for a nuclear energy revival"
So the eclipse is coming and you suddenly want to be an astronomer. Here's what they actually do.
"The Latest: Venezuela prosecutor, a gov't target, defiant"
"Farmer suicides rise in India as climate warms, study shows"
Italy's Uffizi encourages longer visits with new pricing
White House sanctions Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro
"A soldier survived 48 hours of terror in Vietnam. Today, he received the Medal of Honor."
Venezuela defiant as US moves to sanction president
The Latest: US hits Venezuela president with sanctions
Ex-sheriff Joe Arpaio convicted of criminal contempt
White House sanctions Venezuelan President Maduro after 'farce' election
Doctors Without Borders reject Italy's migrant rescue rules
Transgender soldier felt 'fired' by Trump's tweet
ACLU investing millions in Florida to restore felons' voting rights
Trump's praise doesn't always mean your job is safe
The Scaramucci fiasco is over. That it happened shows you the White House will never quit chaos.
Why police departments lashed out at Trump for his comments on how they treat suspects
"Anthony Scaramucci's 11 days at the White House, ranked"
Transgender US soldier felt 'fired' by Trump's tweet
ACLU investing millions of dollars in Florida to restore ex-felons' voting rights
4 men have done 5 stints as Trump's communications director that lasted an average of 44 days
The Scaramucci fiasco shows that the White House will never escape chaos
Opioid abuse started as a rural epidemic. It's now a national one.
Former sheriff Joe Arpaio convicted of criminal contempt
Grandma steals the show with her dancing
Santas celebrate Christmas in July
Police officer dances to direct traffic
2-year-old fist-bumps airplane passengers
"Police chief, bodyguard found slain in central Mexico"
"White House: Trump has '100 percent confidence' in Sessions, no plans to move him"
Sarah Huckabee Sanders's sparse explanations for Scaramucci's ouster
"Amazon says it is under investigation for selling goods to Iranian embassy, others"
IAAF not ready to lift Russia's suspension from athletics
"White House opioid commission to Trump: ""Declare a national emergency"" on drug overdoses"
Former Md. school worker faces 100 counts of child sex abuse
Inmates in Alabama jailbreak did not need a weapon to escape. They had peanut butter.
"For Facebook, erasing hate speech proves a daunting challenge"
China urges support for new Israel-Palestinian peace plan
"Outer Banks power outage keeps tourists out of Hatteras, Ocracoke, maybe for weeks"
Former Arizona sheriff Joe Arpaio convicted of criminal contempt
Powerful Pacific typhoon could threaten Japan by weekend
"Power outage hits Outer Banks, may keep tourists out for two weeks"
"10 slain in central Mexico state, including police chief"
President Trump personally intervened to write Donald Trump Jr. statement
Trump dictated son's misleading statement on meeting with Russian lawyer
President Trump silent on Russia after Putin announced expulsion of U.S. diplomats
IAAF not ready to lift Russia's suspension from track
