"Transcripts show that for Trump, the political optics are paramount"
"At West Virginia rally, Trump rejects allegations of collusion with Russia as 'total fabrication'"
Trump calls allegation of collusion with Russia a 'total fabrication'
UAE's drive for regional influence tests its military alliance with the United States
"Trump's West Virginia rally, in three minutes"
Australia police: Men tried to get bomb on Sydney plane
UN study: Extremist fighters lack good education and jobs
Flynn files amended disclosure report showing additional payments
5 politicians who switched parties
West Virginia Gov. Jim Justice leaves the Democratic Party at Trump's rally
Vietnam regrets Germany's accusation it kidnapped exile
Pentagon identifies two U.S. troops killed in Afghanistan
China warns Indian troops to get out of contested region
Listen to this police officer explain the importance of joining a union.
"A battered World War II hero of Bastogne gets a new home, and a museum built around it"
"Asian stocks mixed as US jobs, politics in focus"
Australian PM: Trump relationship 'warm' despite transcripts
A journalist's murder underscores growing danger in Mexico
A journalist's murder underscores growing threat in Mexico
All-powerful Venezuelan assembly to open amid protests
Trump's real foreign policy stops at U.S.'s borders
The Jacinda effect: New Zealand politician enjoys rapid rise
Pakistan's president to swear in new Cabinet ministers
"Sea dispute, N. Korea, Muslim militants top ASEAN meetings"
Taliban claim suicide attack on NATO; 1 servicemember killed
Watch Trump's full speech in West Virginia
"In the United Arab Emirates, U.S. finds an ally, and a headache"
Calls to quicken deportation follow stabbing in Germany. But there are roadblocks.
Cambodia's PM wants US-born grandchild to not be American
The Royal Bank of Scotland swings to a profit in 2Q
Rwandans vote in presidential election
Afghan official says bomber who hit NATO wore woman's burqa
Toyota's quarterly profit improves on strong sales
Israel's 'crown prince' Netanyahu under fire for crude post
President Trump's claim about immigrants 'immediately' collecting 'welfare'
Can a new chief of staff fix a White House in chaos?
West Virginia Gov. Jim Justice isn't the only Democrat Trump won over
Pakistani president swears in members of new Cabinet
"Report: Egyptian policeman, civilian die in drive-by attack"
German supermarket chain yanks eggs amid pesticide scare
Police investigating mystery hair thief in northern India
Fire put out at 86-story residential skyscraper in Dubai
Security staff strike poses queue chaos at Barcelona airport
"With live-fire drill, China warns India not to test Beijing"
OSCE urges Poland show 'restraint' against critical reporter
"Blast targets al-Qaida office in Syria, causing casualties"
Indonesia might be copying the vigilante violence of Duterte's drug war
"Germany: Man convicted over rape, killing of Chinese student"
"UN report details killings, butchery in Congo this year"
Cambodian police net 175 Chinese suspects in phone fraud
Ethiopia lifts state of emergency imposed in October
50 bikers escort a bullied 6th-grader to school
US confirms airstrike killed al-Shabab commander in Somalia
"In every state, majorities oppose Trump's proposed ban on transgender military service"
"After zero-tolerance vow, a park chief cited for sexual harassment gets a bonus and new job"
Trump talked about sending troops to battle 'tough hombres' Mexico. Can he do that?
The Gulf of Mexico dead zone is larger than ever. Here's what to do about it.
He was 12. He had just moved to America. Then his Sikh father was murdered.
FDA to step up fentanyl targeting at postal facilities
"Why, as an immigrant, I am not outraged by Trump's immigration proposal"
US military: Georgian soldier killed in latest Afghan attack
Trump talked about sending troops to battle 'tough hombres' in Mexico. Can he do that?
Staff strike creates queue chaos at Barcelona airport
Trump's reverse Midas touch
China sentences ex-provincial leader to life for corruption
EU beauty pageant: cities vie to host agencies departing UK
France's Macron pushes for mediation role in Venezuela
Kenya's most famous activist campaigns for parliament
Rwandans vote in election that president calls 'a formality'
"EU: 850,000 refugees in Turkey benefit from cash assistance"
"Senate confirms dozens, yet Trump's appointees lag as personnel choice withdraws"
The Daily 202: Mueller impaneling a grand jury makes it more politically difficult for Trump to fire him
The Latest: Italy: Migrant mission off Libya going ahead
"UN report details Congo butchery, 'ethnic cleansing'"
How President Trump's speech to police tapped into a history of dehumanizing people of color
New Zealand denies visas to North Korean academics to attend conference
Bear seriously injures employee in Sweden animal park
The Finance 202: Trump's economic agenda caught break with nominee approval
"As tomato prices soar, worried Indians safeguard their stash at the 'State Bank of Tomato'"
Turkey arrests 24 in police exam fraud linked to coup probe
Center-left government of major German state loses majority
AP PHOTOS: Children in war-torn Ukraine learn the art of war
Israeli media: Netanyahu's former aide to testify against PM
The Health 202: Here's why John McCain voted 'no' on health care
Trump on Russia investigation: 'They're trying to cheat you out of the future and the future that you want'
The hidden environmental costs of dog and cat food
'Detroit' and the police brutality that left three black teens dead at the Algiers Motel
French mainland sends help to fight Corsica forest fire
The Energy 202: The United States is running out of nuclear options
Russia's emergency situations ministry says 17 people are unaccounted for in a flood inside a diamond mine
Cambodian police arrest 175 Chinese suspects in phone fraud
U.S. job growth surges in July
"U.S job growth surges in July, as U.S. fully regains jobs lost in recession"
The UAE's hunt for its enemies is challenging its alliance with the United States
'Give me your huddled MBAs': Stephen Colbert's alternative poem for the Statue of Liberty
Iran condemns its soccer players for match with Israeli team
Police investigating mystery hair shearer in northern India
The Latest: Vatican urges calm in Venezuela
Sri Lankan students protest private medical university
"Stocks, dollar rise after strong US jobs report"
Kenyan pastor extradited from UK to face child theft charges
The Latest: Vatican urges Venezuela to put off assembly
A woman's dying wish was a milkshake. So a restaurant 3 states away made sure she got it.
Toyota and Mazda join forces on electric vehicles. Is this the end of the road for gas cars?
Worker at Swedish animal park dies after bear mauling
The Latest: Neighbors help Macedonia fight wildfires
Airstrikes kill 12 civilians northern Yemen
The White House claim that 1 in 4 Americans in prime working age aren't employed
"FDA to step up targeting of fentanyl, other synthetic opioids at postal facilities"
Trump says he's been 'working hard.' Here's the current status on things.
Fact Check: Are 1 in 4 Americans in prime working age not employed?
"Saddam Hussein said sanctions killed 500,000 children. That was ""a spectacular lie."""
Stocks inch higher as employers add more jobs than expected
The Latest: Venezuela's Maduro in spat with Mexico too
Russian opposition leader's extended probation clouds plans
Poll: Trump's leadership ratings sink to a new low
"Saddam Hussein said sanctions killed 500,000 children. That was 'a spectacular lie.'"
UK judge refuses extradition request for Russian businessman
Russian military police deploy north of Syrian city of Homs
Trump's itchy Twitter finger just triggered speculation about an indictment
Myanmar court grants bail for editor in defamation case
Furloughs approved for 1st time in Puerto Rico's history
Singapore bans Chinese-American scholar as foreign agent
European court halts deportation of Uzbek journalist
"Mr. President, here's a more accurate map for you to tweet"
Stephen Bannon once guided a global firm that made millions helping gamers cheat
A guide to the shrinking GOP presence in Trump's West Wing
"My conversation with Warren Buffet about bridge, Bill Gates and a bus ride"
Attorney General says Justice Dept. has tripled the number of leak probes
"My conversation with Warren Buffett about bridge, Bill Gates and a bus ride"
Polish soccer club denies its fans attacked Israelis
Sessions: 'This culture of leaking must stop'
Martin Shkreli jury enters fifth day of deliberations
The job market just recovered from the recession. Men and white people haven't.
Trump has a plan to make health insurance more expensive for you and the government
The Business 101 lesson that stumps Trump still
Venezuela ushers in new pro-government chamber as opposition vows 'rebellion'
US investigating allegations of torture by Cameroon troops
4 cleared of using police helicopter to film nude sunbathers
Man dies in derelict building collapse in western Greek port
Sessions: The Department of Justice has 'more than tripled active leak investigations'
'Drug-infested den' and 'true American patriots': Donald Trump's map of America
UN agency cites jump in migrant deaths on US-Mexico border
OSCE urges Poland's 'restraint' with investigative reporter
"EU slaps sanctions on 3 Russians, firms over Crimea turbines"
"Even after flurry of Senate action, Cabinet agencies still understaffed in Trump's seventh month"
Sessions: The Department of Justice is reviewing its policies on media subpoenas
Sessions to potential leakers: 'The Department of Justice is open for business'
"After flurry of Senate action, Cabinet agencies still understaffed in Trump's 7th month"
Is Jeff Sessions planning to crack down on legal pot? This letter suggests he might be.
Coats to prospective leakers: 'We will find you'
"With power restored, Outer Banks islands welcome vacationers back"
"Even after flurry of Senate action, Cabinet agencies are still understaffed in Trump's 7th month"
"Saudi man arrested for allegedly filming himself killing cats, local media reports"
Sessions says the media 'cannot place lives at risk with impunity.' Are leaks really that dangerous?
Here's how the Constitution protects leakers and whistleblowers
The Martin Shkreli trial was already weird. Then another named guy named Martin Shkreli showed up.
The difference between leaking and whistleblowing
4 cleared of using UK police chopper to film nude sunbathers
This Northern Virginia woman is making history as first captain of West Point cadets
Romania govt adopts measures to crack down on illegal labor
At least 2 killed in car bomb blast in Somalia's capital
The Latest: Mercosur to hold emergency talks on Venezuela
The Latest: Medals to be awarded before competition starts
"2 teen campers, pilot killed in plane crash in Switzerland"
"Like it or not, Betsy DeVos has made a mark in six months as education secretary"
The Latest: Assembly meets to rewrite Venezuela constitution
Fire put out at 87-story residential skyscraper in Dubai
Why the NRA is going after the media
Some of those hot button issues of the Trump-backed immigration bill are not that controversial among the general public
"America's economy is solid, but there's no 'Trump bump'"
Dunkin' Donuts wants to leave a doughnut-sized hole in its name
Netanyahu's former aide to testify against him in graft case
The Latest: Meeting to rewrite Venezuela constitution begins
"Venezuela Constituent Assembly meets for first time amid foreign criticism, protests"
Some of those hot button issues of the Trump-backed immigration bill aren't so controversial to the general public
This Northern Virginian is making history as the first black woman to lead West Point's Corps of Cadets
Venezuela ushers in new pro-government chamber as opposition struggles to regroup
Another strong month of hiring sends stock indexes higher
Jeff Sessions might subpoena journalists to reveal leakers. Mike Pence once fought against that.
National security adviser attempts to reconcile Trump's competing impulses on Afghanistan
Rock hyrax triplets make their debut at U.K. zoo
"The U.S. economy is solid, but there's no 'Trump bump'"
The Martin Shkreli trial was already weird. Then another guy named Martin Shkreli showed up.
The Vatican calls on Venezuela to suspend its Constituent Assembly
The Latest: McCorory gets 2 medals from past worlds
U.S. troops are on the ground in Yemen for offensive against al-Qaeda militants
"With all-powerful assembly, is Venezuela still a democracy?"
The Latest: Venezuela assembly starts with warning to foes
Saudi Arabia defends judiciary amid outcry over executions
Inactive grenade prompts evacuation at Puerto Rico airport
"UN report details Congo carnage, warns of 'ethnic cleansing'"
Some of those hot-button issues of the Trump-backed immigration bill aren't so controversial to the public
Princess Diana documentary will air despite pleas from her family and friends
Shkreli found guilty of securities fraud trial
'You are not going to let that word hurt you': Proctor &#038; Gamble ad taking on racism is met with praise - and outrage
Martin Shkreli is found guilty of three of eight securities fraud charges
"One recipe at a time, YouTube's 'Binging With Babish' is disrupting the content industry"
Egypt raises transportation fares by 50 percent
Trump's new chief of staff did work for company with federal contracts
Shkreli found guilty of securities fraud
'You are not going to let that word hurt you': Procter &#038; Gamble ad taking on racism is met with praise - and outrage
"The Latest: Dibaba, Semenya reach semifinals in 1,500"
Princess Diana's private tapes will air despite pleas from her family and friends
Lebanon's Hezbollah says army to lead battle against IS
All-powerful Venezuelan assembly opens amid protests
Trump may host visiting leaders at his N.J. golf club during upcoming U.N. gathering
Diplomat: $1 billion in NKorea exports would be banned by UN
How to use your smartphone to photograph the solar eclipse
The Latest: Olympic champion Henderson out of long jump
Trump leaves D.C. for 17-day vacation
Five times Trump criticized Obama for going on vacation
"GMO salmon caught in U.S. regulatory net, but Canadians have eaten 5 tons"
The Dow is back at it. Let's have some fun with numbers.
Toyota and Mazda to build $1.6 billion plant in U.S. and partner on electric cars
"Pacific Northwest is hazy, hot, and bothered"
Calls to quicken deportation follow a stabbing in Germany. But there are roadblocks.
"The Latest: Bolt wins heat, advances to semifinals in 100"
The Latest: Suhr out of pole vault at world championships
Kenya opposition says police raid its vote tallying center
"Steve Bannon, Dinesh D'Souza, and Andrew Jackson: Can this relationship be saved?"
Religion events around the Washington area
Toyota and Mazda to build $1.6 billion assembly plant in U.S. and partner on electric cars
The Latest: Early returns show Rwanda president leading vote
"The Latest: Farah wins another gold in 10,000 meters"
The Latest: Protections urged for Venezuela prosecutor
Early vote returns show Rwanda's president with strong lead
Flooding in Miami is no longer news - but it's certainly newsworthy
U.N. Security Council to consider tougher sanctions that could cost N. Korea $1 billion
Maternal depression is getting more attention - but still not nough
Maternal depression is getting more attention - but still not enough
The Latest: Rwanda president with 99 percent support so far
"Trump still has the bully pulpit, but is facing more challenges to his authority"
Early vote returns show Rwanda leader with 99 percent lead
"France sees first-ever panda birth, and death"
Pence pledges that he and Trump will fight every day to end the 'Obamacare nightmare'
The Latest: Venezuela's Maduro lauds security forces
