'A million miles per hour': Inside Trump's campaign when Trump Jr. met with Russian
Where does 'opposition research' cross a line?
Groups urge black women across the country to help Georgia's Stacey Abrams make history
"More students are graduating from District schools, but are they ready for college?"
'A million miles per hour': Inside Trump's campaign when Trump Jr. met with Russian lawyer
"AP Interview: Scott Brown, US ambassador to New Zealand"
'America's Got Talent' audition for 'Singing Doctor' airs after his death
U.S. surpasses Trump administration's cap on refugee admissions
The Latest: US wants Liu to be able to choose medical care
"Asian shares advance, tracking rally on Wall Street"
Human Rights Watch says Brazil is risking new Zika surge
Ex-Brazil leader biggest to fall in unblinking graft probe
AP photographer uses box camera for Peru festival portraits
Japan protests over armed NKorean boat off Japanese coast
He ran North Korea's secret money making operation. Now he lives in Virginia.
Japan protests armed N. Korean boat in Tokyo economic zone
Macron is the president Trump wishes he could be
"AP PHOTOS: As Indonesia cuts forests, fake nature thrives"
"Chinese imports from North Korea fall sharply, a sign that Beijing is cracking down?"
Australian man dies in parasailing accident in Thailand
Quake hits off North Korea but experts rule out nuke test
Video: Every Russia story Trump said was 'fake news' or a 'witch hunt'
"The Latest: Trump, Macron meeting in Paris for Bastille Day"
Trump seeks consensus with France despite differences
Pakistan issues flash flood warning as monsoon rains kill 7
"President Donald Trump arrives in Paris for Bastille Day celebrations, talks on counterterrorism and defense"
"2 gorings, 4 injured in Day 7 of San Fermin festival"
Every Russia story Trump said was 'fake news' or a 'witch hunt'
Israel freezes plan to give Palestinian city land to expand
Militants find sanctuary in Libya's wild south
The Latest: Melania Trump tours French pediatric hospital
"2 gorings, 6 more injured on Day 7 of San Fermin festival"
Police: Gunmen kill 4 police officers in southwest Pakistan
Timeline of the search for the four missing men in Pa.
"Year after the vote, UK to unveil first Brexit bill"
Nemtsov killer sentenced to 20 years
Council of Europe criticizes Poland over judicial vote
Turkey detains 44 people suspected of planning attacks
Spain swelters through its second heat wave this summer
Parents of sick infant brace for another court fight
"US, Nigeria team up to help citizens report corruption"
Dozens dead as floods swirl in India's northeast
Malaysia holds memorial for victims of downed Flight 17
The Latest: A chaotic motorcade ride for reporters in Paris
Melania Trump takes her own path in Paris visit
"Before Venus and Serena, another tennis diva ruled Wimbledon - in red lipstick, sipping cognac between sets"
4 suspects testify in Greek court over US tourist death
North Korea's Kim: Dictator? Reformer? Shrewd negotiator?
Iranian researcher denied US entry has ties to militia
The Latest: Trump Mideast envoy announces Is-Pals water deal
Ed Gillespie touts Portman effort to add opioid funding to Senate health-care bill
"It's easy to get a Mussolini souvenir in Italy, but its government now wants to ban them"
"The Latest: Gaza power plant shuts down, causes blackouts"
Third time's charm on visas for Afghan girls robotics team
"Year after Turkish coup, thousands feel wrongfully punished"
No plans to remove 'comfort women' statues in Hong Kong
Vacationers in 'tense' evacuation from Sicily wild fires
The Daily 202: Trump is the disrupter-in-chief in an age of disruption
What makes whistleblowers speak out while others stay silent about wrongdoing
Polar bears hurt by climate change are more likely to turn to a new food source - humans
"How your shopping habits are hurting American jobs, especially today"
"More than a million hens, filling barns at three per square foot. And yes, they're USDA Organic"
"Lord's Resistance Army increasingly active, UN warns"
Indian environmental agency sets new rules to protect Ganges
A Chinese university chose an American to speak at graduation. He attacked Trump's wall.
"Top US diplomat heads back to Qatar, but impasse grinds on"
The Latest: Afghan girls robotics team arrives in Kabul
Nemtsov killer sentenced to 20 years in prison in Russia
North Korea's bomb program under 3 generations of Kim family
EU takes Poland to court over logging in pristine forest
Vatican sets trial for 2 ex-administrators of hospital
HRW: Iraq relocates alleged IS-linked people to closed camp
Prosecutors charge 2 ex-officials of Vatican children's hospital for allegedly diverting fundraising money
"US, South African forces join up for military exercise"
Watchdog: At least 200 environmental activists slain in 2016
Shoplifting in Chicago dropped after a change in the food stamp program
Court hearing seeks to ban Paris-Match photos of Nice attack
The Health 202: Doctors make last-ditch effort to sink GOP health-care bill
"'I just don't know.' Another answer-starved White House news briefing, annotated"
Cory Gardner: a swing-state case study of the GOP health-care bind
The GOP dilemma: Strengthening Obamacare policies they've promised to end
It could take more than a decade to clear Mosul of unexploded munitions and booby traps
Malta banned divorces until recently. Now it has legalized same-sex marriage.
He ran North Korea's secret moneymaking operation. Now he lives in Virginia.
Uber cedes control in Russian market with Yandex tie-up
Suicide attack in northern Cameroon kills at least 15
The Latest: Charlie Gard's parents storm out of UK court
"A year after vote, UK unveils bill to make Brexit a reality"
Parents of sick UK infant storm out of new court hearing
Philippine military: Vietnamese hostage killed during clash
The Finance 202: Health care collapse is nightmare scenario for tax overhaul
Rwanda accused of killings over suspected petty crimes
"It could take more than a decade to clear Mosul of explosives, U.S. officials say"
Trump envoy helps broker Israeli-Palestinian water deal
China donates 100 buses for use in Cambodia's capital
Friends of China Nobel laureate risk safety to show support
Rights group: Iraq moves IS-linked suspects to closed camp
German chancellor says differences with US are 'regrettable' but communication continues.
"French president says it is ""obvious and indispensable"" to have exchanges with President Donald Trump."
European Union takes legal action against Hungary on NGO law
The Energy 202: Should the Defense Department take seriously the threat of climate change?
"Top US diplomat wraps up Gulf tour, but impasse grinds on"
Turkey sends frigate to monitor gas drilling off Cyprus
Trump paints a rosy picture of his success so far. We assessed where he's right - and where he isn't.
Half a million Medicare recipients were prescribed too many opioid drugs last year
What Parisians think of Trump
Chinese judicial bureau says jailed Nobel Peace Prize laureate Liu Xiaobo has died of multiple organ failure. He was 61.
Tillerson heads home from Qatar with no resolution to regional dispute
"11 Indian, Bangladeshi workers die in Saudi building fire"
The Latest: Charlie Gard's parents return for hearing
Chinese political prisoner Liu Xiaobo dies at age 61
8 over-the-top claims in President Trump's Reuters interview
Chinese Nobel laureate Liu Xiaobo called 'a monument to morality'
The Latest: France holds welcome ceremony for Trump
A GOP congressman wants to make sure the Fed isn't planning a student loan bailout
"This bobcat brings in $308,000 a year"
US stock indexes edge higher in early trading; oil rises
Macron: Talks with Trump are 'obvious and indispensable'
Frozen in time: Old-school camera captures Andean festival
The Latest: France streams Trump's tour on Facebook
Md. redistricting case could stall while Supreme Court hears Wisconsin case
McConnell to release new GOP health plan allowing bare-bones insurance policies
Police stop a woman for her tinted windows - then learn she's a Florida state attorney
"With a push from Trump's envoy, Israel and the Palestinians make a water deal"
Extremists briefly kidnap top government official in Kenya
Vatican to try 2 ex-hospital officials for diverting funds
The Latest: Trump arrives at Elysee Palace for Macron talks
The Latest: Activists express sorrow over Liu Xiaobo's death
"White House budget wouldn't eliminate deficit or do much to grow economy, CBO says"
Timeline: The search for 4 missing Pennsylvania men
The Latest: UK hospital defends decision over Charlie Gard
"1 man jailed, 2 released on bail in tourist beating death"
"As long as the Republican bill cuts Medicaid coverage, it's likely to be unpopular"
DOJ announces charges against 400 people for $1.3 billion in health-care fraud
The Latest: US doctor: Therapy for Charlie 'worth trying'
The Latest: Activists in Hong Kong mourn Liu Xiaobo's death
German court convicts former official of banned party
Poland glad to face EU court over logging in ancient forest
"Trump's Dept. of Homeland Security budget would dramatically cut counterterrorism programs, report says"
We're starting to shop online as often as we take out the trash
The Latest: Chinese doctors say family was with Liu Xiaobo
"Gibraltar not on agenda as Spain's king, UK's May hold talks"
11 killed by gunmen at party in central Mexico
The Latest: Nobel Committee mourns death of Liu Xiaobo
Competing plans deal Senate health-care push a surprise setback
"Jimmy Carter doing 'fine' after collapsing from dehydration in Winnipeg, report says"
Video shows police trying to explain why they pulled over a Florida state attorney
UK aristocrat jailed for online threats to pro-EU campaigner
Judge denies request to freeze ex-Gitmo prisoner's assets
Videos appear to show Iraqi troops killing Mosul detainees
The Latest: Trump overheard complimenting Macron's wife
"Italian wildfires kill 2 homeowners, force tourists to flee"
The White House is being really cagey about more contacts with Russians
Next-gen car technology just got another big upgrade
"Brazil's Silva defiant after conviction, wants to run again"
The Latest: Trump overheard complementing Macron's wife
"Travel ban or no, Trump's first six months saw a sharp drop in Muslim refugees entering the U.S."
The Energy 202: Pentagon climate work in the GOP crosshairs
Why U.S. colleges and universities are so worried about a drop in international student applications
The Latest: Taiwan leader calls Liu Xiaobo a rights warrior
Weary Syrians trickle back home to government-held areas
McConnell introduces revised Senate health-care bill
"Jimmy Carter recovering after collapsing from dehydration in Winnipeg, report says"
Advocates press DeVos to keep protections in place for victims of sexual assault
"White House budget wouldn't eliminate deficit or do much to expand economy, CBO says"
"The Latest: Macron says he, Trump agree on Syria roadmap"
French president says he and US President Donald Trump will work toward a post-war roadmap for Syria.
McConnell jabs Democrats while introducing new version of Senate health-care bill
What Mark Zuckerberg was doing in the middle of North Dakota
"Sessions announces charges against 412 people, the largest takedown in U.S. history"
London's tube drivers aren't allowed to say 'ladies and gentlemen' anymore
"The Latest: Trump salutes strong bond between US, France"
Quotes from and about Chinese Nobel laureate Liu Xiaobo
"US President Donald Trump defends son's meeting with Russian lawyer, says 'most people would have taken that meeting.'"
From El Objectivo: Fact-checking U.S. presidents
Trump administration plans to certify Iranian compliance with nuclear agreement
Republicans' new health-care bill would keep Obamacare's taxes on the rich - for now
Schumer tears apart Cruz amendment in response to Republican health-care bill
Why U.S. colleges and universities are worried about a drop in international student applications
Kenya: 3 dead as extremists kidnap top government official
The Latest: Trump declines to repeat criticisms of Paris
The Latest: Germany urges China to release Liu Xiaobo's wife
US stock indexes move higher in afternoon trading; oil rises
The Latest: UK judge condemns threats to Charlie's hospital
President Trump defends son's meeting with Russian lawyer
From RAI: Fact-checking politicians
Senate Republicans unveil competing health care proposals
The rare Trump appointment that is actually making scientists very happy
The Latest: Macron: Important to maintain contact with Putin
"Fearing attacks, Egypt's churches suspend pilgrimages, trips"
'We're losing more people to the sweets than to the streets': Why two black pastors are suing Coca-Cola
Are people and apes the only ones that can plan ahead? Quoth the raven 'nevermore.'
"Trump, Macron look past differences on Paris climate pact"
"US, French first ladies visit Paris, celebrate French style"
Was Jim wrong? Trump backs off his claim that 'Paris is no longer Paris'
Revised Senate health-care bill still lacks the votes to pass
"Pentagon's transgender, climate change policies challenged in House defense bill"
Paul Ryan promotes #NationalDayOfCivility on Twitter
From El Objetivo: Fact-checking U.S. presidents
The Latest: UN chief 'deeply saddened' by Liu Xiaobo's death
"Political prisoner, Nobel laureate Liu Xiaobo dies at age 61"
U.S doctor: Treatment 'worth trying' in UK sick baby case
"The Latest: Trump, Macron to dine at Eiffel Tower"
Ex-defense minister says 'corrupt' Israeli PM should quit
One month of President Trump declaring things to be 'beautiful'
"Trump, basically: It's Obama's fault that Russian lawyer took advantage of 'young man' Donald Trump Jr."
"Pentagon's transgender, climate-change policies challenged in House defense bill"
Climate change could make flying even more hellish
How your body responds to hot temperatures
"Greece jails man, frees 2 on bail in tourist's beating death"
Bernie Sanders tells his Maryland faithful to back Ben Jealous for governor
Trump to Macron's wife: 'you're in such great shape'
Paul Ryan urged people to be civil for a day. Social media response was about as civil as you'd expect.
"In a first, a wild lioness is photographed nursing a baby leopard"
Trump's MAGAnomics is here. And his team repeated Obamanomics' big mistake
Medicare's hospital trust fund will run out of money in 2029
"US, Somalia forces raid al-Shabab, kill several: Official"
The Latest: China slams 'improper' remarks supporting Liu
Where Senate Republicans stand on the new health-care bill
"Trump was supposed to take a question from the American media. He called on a Chinese TV network, instead."
Popular author Eugene Peterson: Here's what I actually think about gay marriage
"Two national monuments are no longer up for review, Interior says. That leaves 25."
"'Uncertainty and dysfunction' have overtaken USDA program for organic foods, key lawmaker says"
Chinese Nobel laureate Liu Xiaobo is called 'a monument to morality'
Britain's Corbyn: I got my ideas from Bernie Sanders
Sexual assault survivors to Betsy DeVos: 'Exactly who are you here to serve?'
"Popular author Eugene Peterson: Actually, I would not perform a gay marriage"
The Latest: Trump now wants his wall to be see-through
Who spun it best? Donald Trump Jr. edition.
"For the first time, a wild lioness is photographed nursing a baby leopard"
The Latest: Trump and Macron dine atop Eiffel Tower
Woman killed by jet-engine blast at popular Caribbean tourist attraction
"Lula, Brazil's most fiery politician, goes out with a whimper, not a bang"
The Latest: 'Quartet' group expresses concern over Gaza
Serbian leader Vucic presses EU for accession timetable
French court rejects ban on magazine for Nice attack photos
"Sorry, Mr. President: By the time your son walked into that meeting, the damage was already done"
Britain's Jeremy Corbyn: I got my ideas from Bernie Sanders
Pence told high-school students good leaders are humble. Then he praised Trump.
"Sorry, Mr. President: By the time your son walked into that meeting, the damage was already done."
The Bob McDonnell effect: The bar is getting higher to prosecute public corruption cases
The Latest: Trump says trip to Paris 'very nice'
Server outage at Brazil foreign ministry after rogue emails
The Latest: Iraq investigating after images of Mosul abuses
"US, Mexico eye closer energy ties as NAFTA talks loom"
"Chinese figures show trade is up with North Korea, but questions abound"
UN envoy warns of instability in Sahel and Lake Chad basin
The Latest: Brazil house panel rejects trial for president
Brazilian house panel rejects report calling for president to be tried on corruption charge
Two Democratic senators want to block House bill to waive polygraphs
Why did two GOP senators just introduce a competing health-care plan?
Trump says he wasn't joking about a solar paneled border wall
Washington reacts to competing Senate health plans
Iraqi authorities urged to investigate allegations of Mosul prisoner abuse
Brazil foreign ministry hit by barrage of malicious emails
Committee rejects graft charge in boost to Brazil leader
White House fence jumper who roamed grounds for more than 16 minutes pleads guilty
Two Democratic senators want to block House bill that waives polygraphs
Sophomore at Johns Hopkins found dead near campus
"Mongolia just elected a former wrestler as its president, after its most divisive election ever"
Confidant of Pope Francis offers scathing critique of Trump's religious supporters
DeVos: Too many college students have been treated unfairly under Obama-era sexual assault policy
Sophomore at Johns Hopkins is found dead near campus
Gambia sets up commission to investigate ex-leader's assets
Room with a view: 2 ex- Vatican hospital officials charged
"Fernanda becomes hurricane in Pacific, but no threat to land"
One month of President Trump declaring people and things to be 'beautiful'
"Trump promises to crack down on foreign steel, but delays continue"
"The Latest: Trumps, Macrons dine high above Paris"
UN Assembly backs $40.5 million for Haiti cholera victims
"House rejects controversial transgender, climate-change amendments to defense bill"
Pa. man confesses to 'participation' in slaying of four as search for bodies continues
The GOP's under-the-radar tax break for the upper middle class
The Latest: Brazil president praises house committee's vote
"House panel rejects corruption claim, boosting Brazil leader"
"Trump and Macron, once cast as adversaries, show they have much in common"
"The Senate bill's changes won over hardliners, but offered little to moderates"
Justice Department releases portion of Sessions security clearance form claiming no contacts with foreign officials
Mexico fires official after 2 die in highway sinkhole
"Two former staffers charged in cyberstalking of U.S. House member, husband"
Venezuela cop in helicopter attack attends opposition rally.
Venezuelan cop accused of helicopter attack on Supreme Court appears at opposition rally
