"With rising homicides in big cities, Republican governors intensify police patrols"
China urges North Korea to be 'smart' and halt its missile tests
"Gunmen attack group at Mexican resort beach, killing 3 men"
"The Latest: Trump, Moon discuss 'growing threat' from North"
Tillerson says he's told Russia that US will respond by Sept. 1 to Moscow's move to expel US diplomats
Tillerson says best signal North Korea could give that it's ready for talks with US is to halt missile launches
Australia's ruling party meets to resolve gay marriage rift
The Latest: US to respond to Russia retaliation by Sept 1
Tropical Storm Franklin forms over northwestern Caribbean
The Latest: Tillerson says NKorea must halt launches to talk
US says aircraft to help Philippines fight pro-IS militants
Tillerson: US to respond to Russia's ouster of diplomats
"North Korea can show it's ready for negotiations by stopping missile launches, Tillerson says"
Maduro vows 'maximum penalty' for attack on Venezuela base
The Latest: Tillerson says Russia willing to discuss Ukraine
'Dunkirk' and the West's myopia about World War II
US to respond by Sept. 1 to Russia's expulsion of diplomats
Asian markets climb on momentum from upbeat US jobs report
Refugee at Australian camp on Papua New Guinea dies
Kenya: Lions kill 1 person grazing livestock in city park
Oh baby! Woman gives birth at German techno festival
Al-Jazeera denounces Israel's decision to close its bureau
President Trump's claim of Obamacare 'bailouts' for insurance companies
Missing elderly couple found dead in Minnesota
Fact Check: President Trump's claim of Obamacare 'bailouts' for insurance companies
N. Korea vows harsh retaliation against fresh UN sanctions
Nations race to prevent backsliding on North Korea sanctions
SoftBank reports drop in quarterly profit on Alibaba stake
Australian teen's feet bloodied by mystery sea creatures
Gas explosion in mine in Pakistan-controlled Kashmir kills 5
Red Cross says 186 migrants storm Spanish border post
Iran signs its biggest-ever car deal with France's Renault
"SoftBank adding technology ambitions, with ARM, robotics"
Australia's ruling party refuses vote on gay marriage bill
"US, Australia, Japan want coercive acts at sea to be stopped"
"German authorities say far-right activist Ernst Zundel, deported from Canada on Holocaust denial charges, dies at 78"
Refugee at Australian camp on Papua New Guinea found hanging
Kenya court says it will deal with any post-election dispute
North Korea vows harsh retaliation against new UN sanctions
The U.S. could be free of gerrymandering. Here's how other countries do redistricting.
Frustrated with your spouse? These scientists suggest a specific kind of prayer
Trump's border wall would slice through wildlife refuges and cut off U.S. territory in Texas
"The savage fight for Guadalcanal: Jungle, crocodiles and snipers during World War II"
"35 years later, Kenya's Odinga is enigmatic on coup attempt"
AP Explains: Why Kenyans are nervous about presidential vote
Global shares meander as lift from US payrolls report fades
Wreckage of US military plane found off Australia
Notorious neo-Nazi Ernst Zundel dies in Germany
Google VP denounces employee memo's views on female workers
The Daily 202: Democrats are moving left - and that won't necessarily hurt them in 2018
Divers work to recover U.S. military aircraft off Australia after crash that presumably killed 3 Marines
Iran ridicules US push for inspecting its military sites
"Indonesia barters coffee, palm oil for Russian fighter jets"
The Latest: US says South China Sea talks will be a key test
Veterans' health-care gap creates 'greater risk' for opioid abuse
Most drunken-driving programs focus on driving. This one worked because it focused on booze.
Do eclipses drive animals wild? Here's how you can help scientists find out.
"Even healthy people need a living will, but many people don't want to think about it"
Her daughter's limbs were oddly floppy. A lucky encounter helped figure out why.
"A majority of Americans favor deploying U.S. troops if North Korea attacks South Korea, poll finds"
Many school systems say kids need a doctor's note to use sunscreen
Would-be Eiffel Tower attacker undergoing psychiatric exam
"France, UK among 4 countries urged to check eggs"
Trump says his political base is 'stronger than ever' despite polling to the contrary
Howard Brodie sketched the misery of Guadalcanal before his fame as a courtroom artist
Gum disease is associated with a higher risk for some cancers in older women
UN finds human rights abuses in Kidal region of north Mali
"Tillerson, Philippine leader confer amid North Korea worries"
The Finance 202: Battle over suing big banks shifts into high gear
The Latest: North Korea says no negotiations over its nukes
Germany eyes repatriating teen held in Iraq over IS ties
UK plans to strengthen online 'right to be forgotten'
"Trump renews attack on Democratic senator, calling him a 'Vietnam con artist' on Twitter"
Manhunt underway for suspect accused of fatally shooting Missouri police officer during traffic stop
South Sudan army capture rebel headquarters near Ethiopia
The Latest: EU criticizes ouster of Venezuela prosecutor
Eric Greitens: 'Taking Aim' - Campaign 2016
"Episode 2 of the Constitutional podcast: ""Ancestry"""
Manhunt underway for suspect accused of fatally shooting police officer during traffic stop
A girl's limbs were oddly floppy. A lucky encounter helped explain why.
"German regulator probes Daimler, Volkswagen over reports"
"Philippine's leader on human rights: ""Don't go there"""
The Latest: Britain denies agreeing to pay EU exit bill
He served in Vietnam. His HOA just ordered him to remove an American flag from his mailbox.
"Fire strikes at another Dubai tower, but is quickly put out"
Canada's infrastructure projects take off while Trump's plans sputter
"Syrian army pounds rebel-held Damascus suburb, say activists"
Sicily firefighters suspected of setting blazes to get work
"'Fake news'? The Russia investigation is getting very, very real."
Chicago to sue Justice Department over new police grant rules targeting sanctuary cities
How the Trump hotel has rewritten the rules of business - and politics - in Washington
One dead after ride malfunctions at Ohio State Fair
North Korea 'under no circumstances' will give up its nuclear weapons
South African parliamentary speaker says no confidence vote on President Jacob Zuma will be by secret ballot
Puerto Rico makes it a crime to smoke in cars with minors
"In Iran, selfies with E.U. diplomat land lawmakers in hot water"
UK model in Italy 'dark web' kidnap claim back in Britain
"Iran says arrested 27 IS-linked militants, foiled attacks"
South African assembly to vote on president by secret ballot
"'Apply by fax': Before it can hire foreign workers, Trump's Mar-a-Lago Club advertises at home - briefly"
Is Trump's Mar-a-Lago Club heeding the president's call to 'hire American'?
"Little evidence for supplements to treat thinning hair, dry skin and brittle nails"
Washington dysfunction fuels uncertainty for businesses
German state of Lower Saxony to hold early election Oct. 15
Flesh-eating sea bugs attacked an Australian teen's legs: 'There was no stopping the bleeding'
Trump TV's 'real news' sounds more like real propaganda
Flesh-eating sea bugs attacked an Australian teen's legs: 'There was no stopping the bleeding.'
Destructive fires sweep through Montana
"In Raqqa, a battle of attrition as civilians flee in shock"
North Korea says it won't give up nuclear weapons and that entire U.S. mainland is within firing range
"14 killed in clashes between police, Congo religious sect"
The Latest: Kenya court to deal with any post-vote dispute
US stock indexes wavering in morning trading; oil slides
3 Boy Scouts electrocuted in sailing accident
Macron wants his wife to have an official role. The French aren't so sure.
"Philippine president on human rights: ""Don't go there"""
South Africa lawmakers to hold secret ballot Tuesday on Zuma
FDA cracks down on company marketing 'three-parent' babies
3 Boy Scouts shocked by live power line in sailing accident
How much would you pay to live pain-free?
British model feared for her life 'second by second' as kidnappers allegedly plotted online 'auction'
The Latest: Kenya official blames extremists for sabotage
Donald Trump: 'Weekly update 8.6.17'- Campaign video
What the new U.N. sanctions on North Korea mean
The Latest: Venezuela opposition leader worried by attack
Gunmen attack bus in southern Nigeria; 2 hostages taken
Militant group Jamaat-ud-Dawa launches new party in Pakistan
Tunisia tells ports to deny anti-migrant ship entry
Nigeria court seizes ex-oil minister's $37.5 million mansion
Trump's approval rating lags even among key supporters
Maryland school parents were uninformed for months of a sex abuse probe
EU budget chief expects Turkey aid to be cut over crackdown
US stock indexes slightly up in afternoon trading; oil down
Trump's big win at the United Nations
The Arctic's fabled passage is opening up. This is what it looks like
Maryland school parents were uninformed for months about sex-abuse probe
Peru's glaciers have made it a laboratory for adapting to climate change. It's not going well.
Google exec denounces employee's views on female workers
Israeli court: Netanyahu must show call logs with US backer
Forgotten in the dust of northern Colombia
"Blast in Pakistan's Lahore wounds 10, destroys school"
Peru's glaciers have made it a lab for adapting to climate change. It's not going well.
UN chief supports UN commission on Syria despite resignation
The Latest: UN spokesman urges all to respect Kenyan polls
Peru's glaciers make it a lab for adapting to climate change. It's not going well.
The Latest: Power restored to Lamu County after sabotage
"The RNC says Trump's jobs numbers are 'unprecedented,' because words don't matter anymore"
Trump's evangelical advisers want a meeting with Pope Francis over controversial article
"For the last time, Trump hasn't made the economy any better"
Brazil attorney general says Temer could face new charges
"China, not Trump, is suddenly helping American steel"
The Latest: Surge of shopping in capital before elections
"Booz Allen Hamilton's criminal probe could drag on for years, CEO says"
"China, not President Trump, is suddenly helping American steel"
Dueling factions in Venezuela stake claims at power
Tech firms set US stock indexes on course for modest gains
Rural Appalachia lags the rest of the country in infant mortality and life expectancy
Chicago sues Justice Department over new police grant rules targeting sanctuary cities
Mexico prepares as Tropical Storm Franklin approaches
Your mutual fund manager just doesn't matter much anymore
France to analyze eggs after EU urges checks in 4 countries
Lawyer: UK model's 'strange' tale of Italian kidnap is true
"Kayleigh McEnany's 'Trump TV' debut, annotated"
Venezuelan state worker becomes voice against voter coercion
Mexico: 10 killed in apparent blood feud between families
Puerto Rico hit with 2 lawsuits challenging board's power
UN chief supports commission on Syria despite resignation
The Latest: Venezuela still searching for 10 base attackers
Twin pandas open presents
The Latest: Venezuela lawmaker reject new assembly's decrees
"Haiti may ban gay marriage, public support for LGBTQ rights"
Tech firms drive US stock indexes to new highs
US urges UN force in Lebanon to prevent Hezbollah weapons
"Activists, wanting to keep up momentum, Rep. Dave Brat (R-Va.) for town hall"
A Googler's manifesto is the HR department's worst nightmare
The Latest: Venezuela lawmakers reject new assembly's orders
Mexico prepares as Tropical Storm Franklin aims at Yucatan
Experts to confirm last 2 Syrian chemical weapons facilities
Activists invite Va. congressman to hold town hall
"The curious case of Nicole Mincey, the Trump fan who may actually be a Russian bot"
Athletes competing at worlds get sick at official hotel
