Mexico experts: Outdated drain caused July's deadly sinkhole
A snapshot of Guam before US-North Korea conflict and now
"'When you put this guy in a cage and think you're controlling him, things like this happen'"
"State media say at least 36 people were killed, 13 injured in a crash on an expressway in northwest China"
The Latest: Venezuelan leader wants meeting with Trump
"Coach crash in China's northwest kills at least 36, hurts 13"
"UN: Islamic State is funding attacks, al-Qaida is resilient"
"Trump is deporting fewer immigrants than Obama, including criminals"
"Venezuela's Maduro: 'Mr. Donald Trump, here is my hand'"
"As North warns of missile plan, US-South Korea wargames near"
Pyongyang challenge: Should US shoot Kim's missiles down?
Fact Check: Are federal drug prosecutions down in recent years?
Facebook's willingness to copy rivals' apps seen as hurting innovation
"Bus crash in China's northwest kills at least 36, hurts 13"
China protests US ship sailing by island in South China Sea
US company offers to take financial risk of new MH370 search
"At a site of Nazi terror, Muslim refugees reckon with Germany's past"
Trump doubles down on 'fire and fury' vow as wargames near
Does Jeremy Corbyn have a Venezuela problem?
"Family bonds survive India-Pakistan split, but for how long?"
Are we on the brink of nuclear war with North Korea? The consensus is probably not.
"A deep earthquake of 6.2 magnitude has shaken off Luzon island in central Philippines, lightly felt in Manila"
"Strong, but deep earthquake shakes northern Philippines"
Trump's effort to blame Obama for the opioid epidemic
How much power does a president have to lead the U.S. to nuclear war?
"Summer in the city, when the city is Paris"
"Strong, but deep, earthquake shakes northern Philippines"
Danes imported 20 tons of eggs from tainted scandal
Police: Drive-by shooting kills 2 Pakistani police officers
"Cambodia accuses Laos of border violation, threatens force"
Danes search for missing private submarine off Copenhagen
Kenya waits to hear final results of already disputed vote
China warns North Korea: You're on your own if you go after the U.S.
Official: Indonesian family that joined IS now in Iraq
Hong Kong activist says Chinese tortured him for Messi photo
"As North plans missile launch, US, S. Korea ready war games"
The Latest: 3 dead in powerful explosion in Pakistan
London Tube station evacuated amid reports of smoke
South Africa's storied ANC weakens as president stays on
Lithuanian court OKs extradition in US phishing case
"Private submarine feared missing in Denmark found, crew safe"
The Latest: Heavy police presence in Kenya's capital
"Philippines to cull 400,000 fouls after bird flu outbreak"
German court convicts 3 smugglers over deaths of 13 migrants
Official says 3 dead in bomb in northwest Pakistan
"At raucous town halls, Republicans have faced another round of anger over health care"
"Mall of America at 25: Still big, still kooky, still a symbol"
The Latest: Rioting by opposition supporters in Kenya
Associated Press Koreas bureau chiefs talk rising tensions
China warns North Korea: You're on your own if you go after the United States
London subway fire: 4 treated for smoke inhalation
The Latest: US says 'no Kenyan should die' because of vote
"Soldier attack suspect brought to Paris, still hospitalized"
The Latest: China appeals for calm on Korean Peninsula
UK opponents of Brexit mull new centrist political party
"Private submarine sinks in Denmark, crew safe"
Tibetan exiles support India in border standoff with China
Republicans are increasingly antagonistic toward experts. Here's why that matters.
Democrats think they've found a way to pin down how much money Trump could be making off his presidency
EU says 15 countries have received contaminated eggs or egg products in growing food scandal
Merkel: ex-Stasi prison in Berlin 'painful' reminder of past
"Philippines to cull 200,000 fouls after bird flu outbreak"
US-backed Syrian fighters pressure IS militants in Raqqa
Slovenia to hold presidential election in October
The Daily 202: Congress will have 12 working days to prevent a debt default and keep the government open.
Merkel rival Schulz calls for electric car quotas in Europe
"Israel, the land of milk and honey - and now whiskey?"
"Private submarine sinks in Denmark, pilot safe"
"EU: 17 nations get tainted eggs, products in growing scandal"
Checks after London blaze reveal more high-rise safety flaws
"Military is 'locked and loaded,' Trump says in latest warning to North Korea"
The Finance 202: Trump bears some blame for summer's two biggest stock selloffs
"Doggy glasses, doomsday omens and other eclipse myths - debunked"
"Pfau, 'Mother Teresa of Pakistan,' dies at age 87"
The Latest: Trump tweets 'military solutions are in place'
"The Latest: EU plans egg scandal talks, next month"
"The Latest: 600,000 Syrians returned home in 2017, more fled"
Trump retweets Fox headlines about 'fallout' for Republicans who cross him
The Latest: Turkey takes 'precautions' along Syrian border
"German Chancellor Merkel says she sees no military solution to North Korea crisis, escalating rhetoric ""wrong answer"""
The Latest: 2 Austria firms recall eggs bound for eateries
Trump warns US 'locked and loaded' as North readies missiles
What does North Korea really want? Its playbook offers clues
"U.S. emissions probably won't increase under Trump, study says. But they won't fall, either."
"Cambodia accuses Laos of border violation, seeks meeting"
Who's who in the government's investigation into Russia ties
Are we on the brink of nuclear war with North Korea? Probably not.
EU plans talks as egg scandal hits 17 countries
Pakistan official: Bombing in northwestern region kills 3
"Lions, tigers, bears from war-torn Syria evacuated to Jordan"
Can Congress stop Trump from launching a nuclear attack on North Korea?
Trump's baffling attacks on McConnell could be costly to the president
The Latest: Kenya urges patience as election results counted
"Private sub sinks in Denmark; pilot safe, passenger missing"
"President Trump's contrarian Q&#038;A session with reporters, annotated"
The Latest: Merkel: More needed to address migration causes
The Latest: Romania incinerates eggs yolks amid scandal
Arrested man denies being jogger who pushed woman into bus
Report: 5 killed as German garbage truck tips onto car
"President Trump's contrarian Q&#038;A session, annotated"
"President Trump's dam-bursting Q&#038;A session, annotated"
"In bid to beat back the Taliban, Afghanistan starts expanding its commando units"
Trump wants to emulate Canada's immigration system. Here's why it won't work.
Egyptian official: 20 killed and dozens injured in a train collision in the coastal city of Alexandria
The Latest: Kenya opposition wants access to vote servers
The Latest: Tukey restricts traffic at crossing with Syria
The Latest: US colonel: Tough battle ahead in Syria's Raqqa
Greek authorities seize 2 tons of marijuana on Italian yacht
"Trains collide in Egyptian city of Alexandria, killing 25"
"On tax reform, wealthy conservative groups hope to avoid health debate's mistakes. They may be repeating them."
4 noteworthy things that happened at the Mall of America
"Trump's tough-on-North Korea, toned-down-on-Russia Q&#038;A session, annotated"
Why can't college graduates write?
Governments are trying to nudge us into better behavior. Is it working?
"On tax revisions, wealthy conservative groups hope to avoid health debate's mistakes. They may be repeating them."
Kenya on edge as citizens await the results of a heated presidential election
Train collision in northern Egypt kills at least 31
Guam releases guidance to prepare residents for North Korean nuclear strike
Tata Steel agrees deal to restructure UK pension fund
"Afghan official: Gunman opens fire inside mosque, killing 4"
"Philippines to cull 200,000 fowl after bird flu outbreak"
"Dear readers, help us fact-check your lawmakers during August recess"
Help! A call for fact checks
'Fight tonight'? Explaining Trump's retweet that says U.S. bombers are ready to strike North Korea
"In push for 'tax reform,' wealthy conservative groups hope to avoid health debate's mistakes. They may be repeating them."
Jordan not in a hurry to allow back Israeli ambassador
Croatia court overturns extradition of Albania soccer fan
"Migrant sea arrivals rising in Spain, could outpace Greece"
The Latest: Death toll in Egypt train collision rises to 36
'Fight tonight?' Explaining Trump's retweet that says U.S. bombers are ready to strike North Korea
"US-backed Syrian fighters link up from east, west in Raqqa"
The Latest: Kenya opposition calls election a 'charade'
Study: One in eight American adults are alcoholics
Fear spreads over tainted eggs despite low risk to consumers
The Latest: Heated rhetoric on NKorea alarms global leaders
Scuba supply company pays $16 million to settle allegations it defrauded the military
Jail sentence for 2 members of polygamous sect in Canada
Copenhagen police arrest sunken submarine's owner on suspicion of missing journalist's murder; suspect denies charges
"After a weary week of track, Bolt returns for finale"
Democrats urge Republicans to allow inquiry of Deutsche Bank and Trump
High school chemistry lessons coming to Rock Creek Park
Are teachers professionals?
"One in eight American adults are alcoholics, study says"
'Fight tonight'? Explaining Trump's retweet that says U.S. bombers are ready to strike North Korea.
Mexico says remains of missing Spanish woman found
Private submarine sinks; owner held on suspicion of murder
The Latest: Submarine owner held in missing woman's death
Gone but not forgotten: A look back at Jeffrey Lord's most confusing and controversial CNN statements
Leaving downtown at rush hour in America's largest cities
Incumbent President Uhuru Kenyatta declared winner of Kenyan presidential race
"How the world is reacting to war of words between Trump, North Korea"
The Latest: Kenya says president Kenyatta wins 2nd term
Kenya's election commission says President Uhuru Kenyatta wins 2nd term; vote disputed
The Latest: Report: Egg scandal suspect denies involvement
Nobel laureates urge Saudi king to halt 14 executions
Train collision in northern Egypt kills at least 40
The Latest: Kenya president says 'no need for violence'
The Latest: Death toll in Egypt train collision rises to 40
"'There is no need for violence,' Kenya president says after winning 2nd term; calls for unity"
Kenya says president Kenyatta wins 2nd term; vote disputed
Trump touts economic progress and apprenticeships under his presidency
Trump: Kim Jong-un 'will regret it fast' if he threatens U.S. territories or allies
Trump says North Korea has 'misbehaved' for decades
A big Wall Street firm bets the American Dream is dying
Watch Trump's full Aug. 11 comments on apprenticeships and North Korea
A sleeping mother suffocated her newborn in the maternity ward. Now she's suing the hospital.
"Subpoena Deutsche Bank regarding Russia, Democrats tell GOP committee chief"
Why can't college graduates write coherent prose?
The Latest: Trump tells NKorea's Kim he'll regret any action
"Gunshots, screams reported in opposition areas after Kenya's president wins 2nd term"
"The Latest: Gunshots, screams reported in parts of Kenya"
"Trump to send son-in-law Jared Kushner, other top aides on Mideast peace mission after spate of violence"
"N. Korea will 'not get away' with threats to U.S. territory, Trump says in latest warnings"
Train collision in northern Egypt kills 43; 122 injured
How the world is reacting to war of words between Trump and North Korea
"Guam residents seek answers, tout the island amid tensions"
The Latest: Trump says Merkel doesn't speak for US on NKorea
The Latest: Kenya's leader asks country to 'shun violence'
The Latest: Death toll in Egypt train collision reaches 43
"North Korea will 'not get away' with threats to U.S. territory, Trump says in latest warnings"
"Big tobacco's new cigarette is sleek, smokeless - but is it actually healthier?"
Anthem to leave Virginia's Obamacare marketplace next year
A foreign assistance philosophy for an era of limited resources
The General Services Administration removed Trump hotel data from its website. You can read it here.
Applebee's is done trying to win over millennials
"In Venezuela, the economy may yet do what the opposition couldn't"
Kenyatta declared winner of disputed Kenya presidential vote
Nigerian military makes unauthorized search of UN base
Peru expels Venezuela's ambassador to protest assembly
"Amateur Danish sub sinks, inventor held on murder charge"
Peru expels Venezuela's ambassador to protest Maduro's breaking of democratic order
A Democrat called the NRA a security threat. The backlash was swift.
Trump says he won't rule out military option in Venezuela
White House aide Omarosa Manigault-Newman roils black journalist convention with appearance on panel about police violence
Trump says he will call president of China about North Korea
Maryland Attorney General is asked to weigh in on whether former Obama aide is eligible to run for governor
Trump on North Korea: 'Hopefully it will all work out'
Freedom from cable isn't free: Flood of streaming services will make cutting the cord more complicated
"Despite Trump's threats to North Korea, the U.S. military doesn't appear to be on a new wartime footing"
"Babies with a rare, severe form of epilepsy depend on this drug. The maker stopped selling it."
Is your U.S. representative holding a town hall in August? Probably not.
White House aide Omarosa Manigault-Newman roils police violence session at black journalist convention
Peru expels Venezuela ambassador as pressure on Maduro grows
Trump won't 'rule out a military option' in Venezuela
"As the sun makes a star turn, America's greatest observatory carries on"
An intimate look at the Mount Wilson Observatory's historic telescope
Keith Ellison: 'Irresponsible' Trump could bring about first strike by North Korea
Md. attorney general is asked to opine on ex-White House aide's eligibility to run for governor
"Google employees face fear, uncertainty in aftermath of divisive memo"
"Big Tobacco's new cigarette is sleek, smokeless - but is it any better for you?"
Beijing warns Pyongyang: You're on your own if you go after the United States
