"Trump, GOP senators introduce bill to slash legal immigration levels"
"Does Trump really think the White House is a dump? 'TOTALLY UNTRUE,' he says on Twitter."
"Trump signs Russia sanctions bill, but makes clear he's not happy about it"
Democrats look to run on more than just opposition to Trump
"8 things the Trump team denied, and then later confirmed"
"Trump, the 'forgotten men and women' and the White House"
"The Justice Department wants to sue schools over affirmative action policies, but can it do that?"
Va. arm of Planned Parenthood to spend $3 million backing Northam for governor
A reporter pressed the White House for data. That's when things got tense.
"White House: Two phone calls, claimed by Trump but disputed by others, were actually in-person conversations"
"Trump plan to hire 15,000 border and immigration personnel isn't justified, federal watchdog says"
Cutting payments to insurers could spike premiums and end up costing the government more
Head of D.C. veterans hospital fired after new inspector general's report
1600 Pennsylvania Ave.: The 'President's Palace' or Trump's 'dump'?
Pence talks tough on Russia while finding his footing abroad
Pence says Trump is taking a 'we'll see' attitude toward Russia
Trump signs what he calls 'seriously flawed' bill imposing new sanctions on Russia
Progressives issue 'statement of principles' on abortion rights after Democratic leaders hint at softer stance
More signs that Trump's base is increasingly dissatisfied with his presidency
Trump just signed his first new bill in more than a month
Sen. John Barasso questions the method and reasoning behind the cancellation of a new FBI building
Trump nominee for OPM chief withdraws amid criticism from unions
"Trump signs Russia sanctions bill, calls it 'seriously flawed'"
The Air Force test firing a ballistic missile today was routine. Growing tension with North Korea is not.
He went to ICE to tell agents he had gotten into college. Now he and his brother have been deported.
First human embryo editing experiment in U.S. 'corrects' gene for heart condition
Sessions's move to take on affirmative action energizes Trump's base
McMaster ousts second official on National Security Council
Trump adviser Stephen Miller was right about the Statue of Liberty's famous inscription
Tesla gets richer despite looming production challenge
Thousands line up to work for Amazon: 'I just need a job'
"Nearly half of America doesn't benefit from Dow 22,000"
Cat falls asleep to mesmerizing massage
"What's the link between charter schools, political donations and teacher certification in New York?"
"What's behind the Dow's stunning rise to 22,000"
'It could be an exorcism': Seth Meyers examines the photo of pastors laying hands on Trump
Brazilian President Temer survives a vote to suspend him on corruption charges
"Venezuela election results 'manipulated' by at least 1 million votes, polling company says"
One of Syria's best-known democracy activists has been executed
Jacinda Ardern just won a powerful political post. Some are more interested in her plans for a family.
Do sanctions work? The evidence isn't compelling.
America's Justin Trudeau obsession is getting old
Two U.S. troops killed in attack on NATO convoy in Afghanistan
"Apple, Amazon help China curb the use of anti-censorship tools"
Kagame seems set to win again in Rwanda. But is he a 'miracle man' or a nascent dictator?
Australian woman sentenced to 1 and a half years in jail for providing commercial surrogacy services in Cambodia
Vote tampering claims jolt Venezuela on eve of new assembly
US moves to have North Korea suspended from Asia forum
Study: Just going outdoors could become deadly in South Asia
UN urges all countries to keep weapons from terrorist groups
Brazil embattled president survives vote on bribery charge
Australian gets 1 year in jail in Cambodia surrogacy case
"Australian, 2 Cambodians sent to prison in surrogacy case"
"Brazil's president dodges bribery charge, but risks remain"
Bolivia's midwives help reduce maternal mortality
Japan Prime Minister Abe reshuffles Cabinet as support dips
Venezuela president disputes vote tampering allegation
Trump's misguided rush to scrap the Iran deal
"N. Korean missile tests spook neighbors, but 'what to do?'"
"Indonesia deports Chinese, Taiwanese scam suspects to China"
New Zealand's auditor-general resigns over handling of fraud
Australian prime minister: Threat from plane plot is over
"Siemens reports profit up, extends CEO's contract"
Iran reiterates: New US sanctions are breach of nuclear deal
Japan's prime minister reshuffles Cabinet as support dips
Kenya: Suspected al-Shabab attack on police station kills 1
US says 4 wounded in Afghan attack that killed 2 US troops
"2 Indian soldiers, 2 rebels killed in Kashmir fighting"
"Seeking a dream, Indonesian family finds nightmare in Raqqa"
Fact-checking the Trump-Russia investigation
"Ambushes by Indian troops, Kashmir rebels kill 4 combatants"
Turkey and China pledge close security cooperation
Austria: Women with leak-prone breast implants compensated
Russia: Truce to go into effect in another Syria 'safe zone'
Tusk questioned by Polish prosecutor over 2010 crash
Japan's Cabinet gets makeover as support for Abe dips
Harvard's class of 2021 is majority nonwhite
Tillerson to raise US human rights concerns in Philippines
"Floods in Thailand leave 23 dead, $300 million in losses"
Trump's slow pace of appointments is hurting government - and his own agenda
"'Cheap slaves': Trump, immigration and the ugly history of the Chinese Exclusion Act"
"Trump vs. the world, and 4 other global stories you might have missed"
Prague zoo: Quintuplet cheetah cubs doing well
2 Israelis injured in Polish soccer hooligan attack
Turkey and China pledge security cooperation as ties warm
Test firing a ballistic missile in California was routine. Growing tension with North Korea is not.
Firefighters combat blazes on French island of Corsica
Historical injustices threaten another violent Kenya vote
Iran's top leader pledges to continue missile program
"In a shift, Qatar to offer permanent residency to some"
Vietnam regrets Germany's comments on exile's kidnapping
The Latest: French president welcomes likely Neymar transfer
South Africa says national released by extremists in Mali
South Africa says national is released by al-Qaida extremists in Mali after 6 years
Thai activist on trial for Facebook share of king profile
Liberals launch 'Not One Penny' campaign in effort to stop Trump tax cuts
"The Daily 202: Trump stumbles are undercutting executive power, which may be healthy for America long-term"
The chronically homeless need more than just housing. They need social lives.
Christians are more than twice as likely to blame a person's poverty on lack of effort
The true story of two fatal grizzly bear attacks that changed our relationship with wildlife
U.S. reportedly mulls sending antitank missiles to Ukraine. It may be two years too late.
French president welcomes likely Neymar transfer
China helps search for missing US Navy sailor
Libyan general orders navy to confront ships entering waters
Floods kill 7 and leave 27 missing in northern Vietnam
Truce goes into effect in another Syria 'safe zone'
"China welcomes US assurances to North Korea, calls for talks"
Merkel challenger Schulz: I'd be better at countering Trump
The Latest: Spanish league rejects Neymar payment
Iraqi weather service warns of brutal heat wave next week
Spain: Police break up gang that smuggled Iranians to UK
China welcomes US assurances to North Korea; calls for talks
"Bank of England cuts growth forecasts, keeps rates low"
The Latest: Lyon boss congratulates PSG over Neymar
Tusk testifies in Poland in case seen as political revenge
4 UK men get long prison sentences for plotting attack
The Finance 202: This ex-congressman may be Trump's weirdest nomination to date
Republicans and Democrats both say they support democratic freedoms - but that the other side doesn't
Al-Qaida releases South African held in Mali after 6 years
AP PHOTOS: Former Dutch prison helps asylum-seekers fit in
Somalia extremists kill Kenyan police officer in attack
A former Vietnamese oil executive was at large for months. Then he was rounded up in central Berlin.
Merkel rival Schulz suggests he'd deal better with Trump
Rwandans overseas begin voting in presidential election
Israeli soccer team targeted in 'anti-Semitic' Polish attack
The Energy 202: EPA finds no problems with Pruitt's climate change views
"The Health 202: Health insurers can combat opioid abuse, too"
Trump blames Congress for 'all-time' low relationship with Russia
'This deal will make me look terrible': Full transcripts of Trump's calls with Mexico and Australia
Central Asian dictator or Schwarzenegger in 'Commando'? Hard to tell.
4 Siberian tiger cubs make public debut at Hamburg zoo
Warnings issued as heatwave hits parts of Romania
2 men charged with terrorism in Australian plane plot
Mario Cantone: What playing President Trump's favorite Italian American taught me about loyalty
"Trump urged Mexican president to end his public defiance on border wall, transcript reveals"
The Latest: Barca 'waiting' to see how Neymar move develops
Swiss court upholds conviction over alleged Nazi salute
"The Latest: Evacuations, injuries as fires blaze in Greece"
Romania police seek international warrant for businessman
How Nicolas Maduro went from a bus driver to Venezuelan president
How realistic are plans to ban new gas and diesel cars?
IS calls young men to arms in eastern Syria
Warnings issued as heat wave hits parts of Romania; 1 dead
French president visits children at charity holiday program
Cambodian police detain former Hun Sen ally in drug case
Man sentenced in Denmark for Copenhagen riots
Trump admits he punked his supporters on Mexico paying for the wall
Being Anthony Scaramucci: Actor Mario Cantone explains how 'the Mooch' tapped into his Italian American roots
14 Saudi Shiites accused of staging protests now face execution
How Nicolas Maduro went from bus driver to Venezuelan president
Being Anthony Scaramucci: Actor Mario Cantone explains how playing Trump's aide tapped his Italian American roots
The Latest: French league backs PSG on Neymar transfer snag
Firefighters battle blaze at Tokyo's famed Tsukiji market
Manager: Afghan robotics competitor's dad killed in attack
"Bowing deeply, Japanese PM tries to put problems behind him with new cabinet"
8 jaw-dropping lines from Trump's phone calls with Mexico and Australia
The Latest: Suarez bids farewell to 'little bro' Neymar
Chile Congress OK's bill to legalize abortion in some cases
Mexico City's new double-decker buses don't fit everywhere
Wildfires tear across French island of Corsica and Greece
9 times the Trump team denied something - and then confirmed it
Obama's spiritual adviser Joel Hunter will step down from his church
The Latest: Wildfires in Albania threaten a national park
UK court increases sentence for surgeon who maimed patients
Watch a Boeing Dreamliner draw a giant outline of itself
119 dolphins died this year on Romania's Black Sea coast
Trump: 'Veterans means so much for me and this administration'
Trump introduces new telehealth initiative for veterans
"Under Trump's new immigration rule, his own grandfather likely wouldn't have gotten in"
Goodbread element
"To rally younger Latino activists, UnidosUS needs to do more than change its name"
"Reversing course, Trump administration will not delay an Obama ozone rule"
"A San Antonio police officer offered to let a handcuffed man go, but there was one catch: The man first had to fight and beat the officer."
Here's how an officer fired for killing an unarmed man got his job back.
Trump says to expect 'very big announcement' in W.Va.
Hundreds of officers fired for misconduct returned to policing
See the exquisite fossil that revealed the colors of a giant armored nodosaur
"Instructor, trainee quizzed after Portugal beach plane crash"
"Pilot, 2 trainees dead in military plane crash in Djibouti"
This is not how Mitch McConnell wanted to head into recess
Father of Afghan robotics team captain confirmed dead in suicide bombing
2 killed in Georgian breakaway province in arms depot blasts
Trump blames Congress for 'all-time' low relationship with Russia; lawmakers push back
"The weather is beautiful, but these Outer Banks beach towns are desolate. They need their vacationers back. Badly."
Sequined sneakers and 'millennial pink': 5 back-to-school trends to watch
"Trump called New Hampshire a ""drug-infested den."" Here's what's really going on there."
Father of Afghan robotics team captain confirmed dead in mosque bombing
Austria: Men who killed 79 sheep guilty of animal cruelty
Does Trump actually know what happened last November?
Listen to this police officer explain the importance of joining an union.
Medvedev called the Trump administration weak. He knows a lot about being a weak executive.
Correction: Netherlands-Euthanasia story
"What the White House said about Trump's calls with Nieto, Turnbull"
What an ISIS suicide attack looks like from the air and the ground
Thousands march in Jerusalem Gay Pride Parade
The Latest: Neymar pays buyout clause to leave Barcelona
Chile Congress OKs bill to legalize abortion in some cases
"France, UK, Japan want speedy vote on new NKorea sanctions"
Trump berated Australia's prime minister over a refugee policy he barely understood
This tech entrepreneur has a novel policy to deter sexual harassment
Iran calls new U.S. sanctions a 'violation' of nuclear deal
"Asylum seekers flee U.S. for Quebec, fearing their temporary permits will expire"
"What the White House said about Trump's calls with Pena Nieto, Turnbull"
How Breitbart is trying to help Trump save face on the 'least important' wall
What Trump's golfing habits say about him
"Short Takes: At The ""Dump"""
"For IPO-chasing upstarts, Snap and Blue Apron offer cautionary tales"
La Raza couldn't rally young activists. It will take more than a name change to fix that.
Argentina court upholds closure of probe targeting president
"Official says car bomber rams Afghan security post, 2 dead"
Tusk questioned 8 hours in Poland in case seen as revenge
Whoops: Trump made a few mistakes by calling New Hampshire a 'drug-infested den'
This bridal chain is leaving customers' orders at the altar
Iran calls new U.S. sanctions a violation of nuclear deal
Poland questions EU's Tusk for hours in case seen as revenge
Media groups ask Turkey for release of French journalist
"Israeli police: PM suspected of breach of trust, bribes"
"Egypt raises water, sewage bills as part of reform program"
Group of GOP senators unveil their answer to Trump's border wall
Three European countries say they're done with fossil-fueled cars. Can the rest of the world catch up?
How to survive an encounter with a bear
Trump called New Hampshire a 'drug-infested den.' Here's what's really going on there.
EU official Tusk worried Poland moving toward leaving bloc
"By end of August, Trump will have spent three times as many days at leisure as Obama"
Egypt court sentences 50 policemen to 3 years over strike
President Trump: Immigrants are 'not going to come in and immediately collect welfare'
"President Trump: Immigrants are ""not going to come in and immediately collect welfare"""
Ecuador leader strips vice president of powers due to corruption case
Mexico says NAFTA rules of origin may be toothless
"If cities want help fighting violent crime, they'll need to crack down on illegal immigration, attorney general says"
How Brazil's most hated president clung to his job
Ecuador president strips VP of powers over bribe allegations
"Weary from scandals, Brazilians shrug at probe of president"
Trump is right: Americans need to move where the jobs are
Mexicans react to transcript of Trump call with their president
Trump's new chief of staff plans to restrict the president's media diet. Others have tried and failed.
The Latest: Venezuela prosecutor tries anew to stop assembly
"Venezuela's top prosecutor seeks court order to halt installation of new, all-powerful constitutional assembly"
Senators unveil two proposals to protect Mueller's Russia probe
Bernie Sanders and DNC chair Tom Perez attack Nissan for anti-union campaign in Mississippi
Trump's 'real news' show vs. mainstream news
20-year-old sentenced to 15 months in prison for encouraging her boyfriend to kill himself
Former Kramerbooks managers to open new bookstore on H Street NE
Elephant attempts underwater handstand
This shuttered bridal chain can't bring customers' orders to the altar
West Virginia Gov. Jim Justice will leave the Democratic Party at Trump's rally tonight
10-month-old wins 'fastest crawler' competition
Mexican priest dies 3 months after knife attack
Russian opposition leader Navalny and his 2 associates fined
Trump's festering issues with Congress
Trump is right about this: Americans need to move where the jobs are
PSG signing Neymar a PR coup for isolated Qatar
Democratic National Committee: 'DNC Chair addresses Nissan union battle' - Campaign
Why is Trump rallying in West Virginia's Huntington? Because he's mostly popular there.
Secret Service vacates Trump Tower command post in lease dispute with president's company
Special Counsel Mueller using grand jury in federal court in Washington as part of Russia investigation
Showdown set in Venezuela as new assembly prepares for power
No governor in a century has been more out-of-step with his state's presidential vote than Jim Justice
"A battered World War II hero of Bastogne gets a new home, and museum built around it"
The Latest: Spanish Embassy in Venezuela hit with explosives
"One soldier killed, several wounded in latest attack on NATO troops in Afghanistan"
"The weather is beautiful, but these Outer Banks beaches have been desolate. They might get vacationers back Friday."
Senate passes 'right to try' bill to help terminally ill patients get experimental drugs
Vice President Pence to fundraise for Gillespie in Virginia governor's race
"Dubai's 86-story Torch tower, one of the world's tallest residential buildings, catches fire"
Flames engulf residential skyscraper in Dubai
"Recess just started for Congress, and it's not going to be much fun for Republicans"
West Virginia's governor is switching parties. And Democrats just hit a new low.
W.Va. governor says he is joining GOP during Trump rally
Flames engulf 86-story residential skyscraper in Dubai
