Philippine police seek casino attacker's identity
Trump will nominate Richard Spencer for next secretary of the Navy
Mattis: North Korea a 'clear and present danger' to world
Woman embroiled in S. Korean presidential scandal released
Indian fishermen try new nets for healthier oceans
The Latest: Filipinos await loved ones' bodies after attack
Man gets 23 years for 2014 killing of Guatemala journalist
Bahrain hackers post threats on foreign minister's Twitter
Wisconsin Republicans put Trump over the top. Now they're trying to prove it wasn't a fluke.
A small effort to extract CO2 from the atmosphere aims to create big change
"Evidence grows linking grilled meat and cancer, but you can lower the risk"
Here's what to carry when you're going on an exercise walk
"As bike commuting soars, so do injuries. Annual medical costs are now in the billions."
Feeling out of shape and fat? Here's how to fix that: Start walking.
"Foreign-born doctors, many in underserved areas, are worried about their jobs"
Is pregnancy safe after breast cancer? Here's what the latest data shows.
"How to maintain, or even improve, your memory as you age"
'That other snake's aliiiive!': A reptile expert explains that epic regurgitating-snake video
What to do - and not to do - when your child has a bloody nose
"In Asia, Mattis addresses concerns about North Korea and China - and Trump's agenda"
At least 18 Afghans killed as multiple blasts target funeral for protester in Kabul
The U.N. asked for billions to avert four hunger crises. The money didn't arrive.
US-backed Syrian fighters advancing toward IS-held Raqqa
The Latest: Explosions kill at least 6 at funeral in Kabul
"Takeoff and cruise: Toyota making 'flying car,' luxury boat"
Explosions kill at least 4 attending Kabul funeral
"Japan, France welcome US leadership in the Asia-Pacific"
India says no Islamic State presence on its soil
South African politician suspended over colonialism tweets
Remains of missing UNICEF worker found in South Africa
Georgia Democrat aims to be nation's first female African American governor
"Maher, Griffin, Colbert: Anti-Trump comedians are having a really bad moment"
How to teach kids about climate change where most parents are skeptics
"Gunmen from Syria attack Jordan border post, killed in clash"
"Sudan, Egypt talk but make little headway to defuse tensions"
"Romanian truck driver arrested in Germany, Austria killings"
"India, France show common front on climate change fight"
"News quiz: A high-profile scuffle, bold claims and denials"
Gay rights parade held in Poland ruled by conservative gov't
The Latest: Midday voter turnout at 52 percent in Malta
Tiny Lesotho votes in latest test of fragile democracy
Women who breast-feed may be lowering their risk of endometrial cancer
Malta votes in early elections tied to Panama Papers scandal
The world's most dangerous mushroom and what it did to an 18-month-old girl
Turkey's coast guard stops nearly 100 migrants at sea
"3,000 to 5,000 new cholera cases in Yemen each day, says UN"
"Trump plans week-long focus on infrastructure, starting with privatizing air traffic control"
German president says Europe must stay committed to Balkans
"Gunman attacks bar in northern Mexico, 6 killed, 22 hurt"
U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley: 'President Trump believes the climate is changing'
Tone-deaf pope sings at Catholic Charismatic rally
"Gorsuch stresses rule of law, system where 'government can lose in its own courts'"
Russian entrepreneurs wish you'd stop worrying about Putin and start thinking about them
"With new surrogacy law, D.C. joins jurisdictions that are making it easier for gay and infertile couples to start families"
How Betsy DeVos has mastered the art of the non-answer
'March for Truth' protests take place around the country
Italy police under fire for letting mob boss greet fans
The French disliked a White House video on the Paris accord - so they changed it.
Relics of St. John Bosco reportedly stolen from Italy church
Michael Bloomberg pledges his own money to help U.N. after Trump pulls out of Paris climate deal
48 percent of Britain voted to stay in the E.U. last June. Where have they gone?
David Horowitz's charity ties to the White House
How a 'shadow' universe of charities joined with political warriors to fuel Trump's rise
How a new kind of protest movement has risen in Venezuela
They served in the U.S. military and hoped for citizenship. Then they got deported.
Police declare 'major incident' on London Bridge after van reportedly hits pedestrians
"Report car hits pedestrians on London Bridge, some said hurt"
Witness tellls BBC that white van veered off the pavement on London Bridge and struck as many as six people
Transport for London says London Bridge closed in both directions due to police activity
London police say they are dealing with an incident on London Bridge
The Latest: Tube stations shut after London Bridge incident
London police are treating injured people on the end of Thrale Street; members of public told to run away
British Transport Police say they have received reports of a major incident involving a knife and a vehicle
Downing Street says Prime Minister Theresa May in contact with officials and is being updated on London Bridge incident
London police say they have also responded to an incident at Borough Market; armed officers at scene
London police say shots were fired after they responded to reports of stabbings in Borough Market
London police say they are now responding to incident in Vauxhall area
British Transport Police say reports of multiple casualties following major incident on London Bridge
London police urge public to remain calm but be alert and vigilant
BBC reports more than one person has died in London Bridge incident
BBC reports more than one persona has died in London Bridge incident
Downing Street: Prime Minister Theresa May will chair a meeting of the government emergency response committee Sunday
