Why musicians are so angry at the world's most popular music streaming service
Former US President Jimmy Carter out of hospital in Canada
"Latest Syria talks wrap up: 'No breakthrough, no breakdown'"
Peru's ex-president sent to same jail as nemesis Fujimori
I dislike fraudulent courses. So why do I still want schools to use them?
Venezuela's chief prosecutor seeks conditional release for Utah man held in jail over a year
"China says jailed Nobel Peace Prize laureate Liu Xiaobo's body has been cremated in ceremony attended by family, friends"
Venezuelan prosecutor seeks conditional release for Utah man
The Latest: Liu Xiaobo's body cremated in private ceremony
China cremates body of jailed Nobel laureate Liu Xiaobo
Cuba's Raul Castro dismisses harsher US tone under Trump
UN envoy flays continued rights violations in Sri Lanka
"Marijuana sales give Nevada a taste of the green rush, but high demand outstrips supply"
"Ramzan Kadyrov says there are no gay men in Chechnya - and if there are any, they should move to Canada"
Cast of characters populates the Trump campaign-Russia drama
"14 years after 1st Wimbledon win, Federer eyes 8th vs. Cilic"
Germany confirms that 2 Germans killed in Egypt stabbing
"Indonesia limits access to Telegram app, readies total ban"
"'Thank you, dear Donald': Why Macron invited Trump to France"
Chinese legal activist released at end of 4-year prison term
Latin America's mega-corruption scandal just claimed its two biggest names
Turkey marks 1 year since July 15 coup attempt quashed
Tony Blair says Brexit must be stopped to halt harm to UK
Rupert Murdoch might have to bail out his son's bankrupt Australian channel
"5,000 NATO, partner troops stage exercises in Romania"
Family scatters jailed Chinese Nobel laureate's ashes in sea
'Lie after lie after lie': Fox News's Shepard Smith has a Cronkite moment on Russia
Why Macron might be best bet to bring U.S. back to Paris climate deal
Official says water in Pakistan reservoir is fine
The Latest: Erdogan attends parliament to mark failed coup
Romania: 11 Hungarian tourists rescued from mountain
"The Latest: 7,400 civil servants dismissed in Turkey"
Does drinking a few cups of coffee a day help you live longer?
"World's largest fish, a whale shark, nudges a fishing boat near Ocean City"
A teacher's anti-solution to a big problem
Spain rescues 19 migrants from Algeria in Mediterranean
The Latest: NATO chief marks Turkey failed coup anniversary
Winners and losers of the biggest state political battles of the year so far
"PERSPECTIVE: I was so anxious, but then I started a gratitude journal"
The Latest: Opposition criticizes Turkish govt over coup
"Turkey marks 1 year since coup attempt, fires 7,400 workers"
Climate change and less federal money may hit states hard
Christian teenager detained in Pakistan for blasphemy
"Hurricane Fernanda strengthens in Pacific, no threat to land"
"Congo militia kidnaps US journalist, 11 park guards"
Chechen leader invokes damnation for gay persecution claims
News quiz: Big money
"When her daughter died, she turned to exercise to quell her grief"
Two cousins charged with killing 4 Pennsylvania men who disappeared
Maids' riot at luxury high-rise reignites debate over domestic labor in India
Family scatters Chinese Nobel laureate's ashes into the sea
He swims alongside sharks and returns - with photos
Rwandan academic gets life in jail over 1994 genocide
Three killed in Honolulu skyscraper after tower with no sprinklers catches fire
Rwandan academic gets life in jail for 1994 genocide
A sinkhole swallowed 2 Fla. homes in hours. The devastation was captured on video.
A sinkhole swallowed 2 Florida homes in hours. The devastation was captured on video.
"US journalist, Congo rangers disappear after militia attack"
U.S. to suspend efforts to free trapped whales after Canadian rescuer is killed
Two Pennsylvania men charged with killing 4 who disappeared
Rival groups clash in Syria's rebel-packed Idlib
"Small plane clips house near Swiss capital, crashes"
How running is crucial to being human
The Latest: Thousands march in Istanbul to famed coup bridge
Britain's housing crisis looms large as Grenfell fire survivors reckon with what's next
"Egypt knife attacker first sat, spoke with 2 German victims"
"If - if - the Senate passes a health bill, get ready for lightning round in the House"
How running gives life pleasure and meaning
"After Islamic State defeat, families return to Mosul to collect bodies of loved ones"
The Latest: Egypt attacker first spoke to German victims
"6 Congo rangers safe; US journalist, 3 others still missing"
"Fernanda a major hurricane in Pacific, far from land"
"Turkey, with a vengeance, marks 1 year since coup attempt"
"Two Pennsylvania men charged with killing 4 who disappeared, burying their remains"
"I was so anxious, but then I started a gratitude journal"
#SaveTheRaise campaign in St. Louis pushes back against preemption laws
"After Islamic State defeat, a daunting search for bodies in Mosul's rubble"
Suspect in beating death of US tourist in Greece is jailed
The Latest: Turkey's Erdogan joins march to coup bridge
Turks commemorate 1 year since coup try with massive march
Conway praises Trump for getting all-girl Afghan robotics team to U.S. Critics disagree.
The Latest: Erdogan to marchers: You saved Turkey's future
Nevada Gov. Sandoval still doesn't support the Senate health bill. That's big trouble for Republicans.
Trump wants to spend millions more on school vouchers. But what's happened to the millions already spent?
'Bare bones' insurance policies really only work for people who are healthy
The Latest: Erdogan: Coup-plotters should wear Gitmo outfits
Conway praises Trump for getting all-girl Afghan robotics team to United States. Critics disagree.
The Latest: Erdogan honors those killed opposing coup
The Latest: Italy's migrant crisis is spawning new protests
Nevada Gov. Brian Sandoval still doesn't support the Senate health bill. That's big trouble for Republicans.
Washington-area appointments and promotions for July 17
How Bill Clinton and George W. Bush got over their politics and became BFFs
Erdogan's speech on anniversary of coup attempt highlights Turkey's divisions
Turks commemorate 1 year since failed coup with huge march
Strong earthquake rattles Greek island of Crete
Police thought a skydiver died in an accident - until they saw his final message to his wife
Trump campaign paid firm of lawyer representing Trump Jr. before emails were made public
"Who is Rob Goldstone, whose email to Trump Jr. on Russia caused a sensation?"
Nevada Gov. Brian Sandoval still doesn't support the Senate health-care bill. That's big trouble for Republicans.
Italy offers swimming lessons for refugees traumatized while crossing the Mediterranean
"As opioid overdoses exact a higher price, communities ponder who should be saved"
