"Dems, GOP using immigration in House races, but differently"
Mueller's Russia probe shows it pays to cooperate
'A point of crisis': Trump directs troops deployed to border
AP FACT CHECK: Trump is $163B off on trade gap with China
"Trump scales back US goals in Syria, against aides' advice"
AP News Guide: What's behind the US-China trade fight
Congress' dilemma: tame Facebook or just accept its apology?
"Why the story of 'Chapaquiddick' is still relevant today, according to its star and director"
Analysis: Wall Street's patience with Trump has its limits
US trade gap rises 6th straight month to 9 ^half-year high
The Latest: Trump praises Mexico for breaking up 'caravan'
The Latest: EPA lawyer says he didn't have full facts
AP-NORC Poll: Most Americans see drug addiction as a disease
The Latest: Trump undecided on troop  levels at border
"Why the story of 'Chappaquiddick' is still relevant today, according to its star and director"
"'Chappaquiddick' star: 'You really can't believe this happened, and that this man got away with it.'"
Joe Kennedy III got pressed by Jimmy Kimmel about pot and health care
The Latest: Trump to see 2 GOP Senate candidates in W.Va.
Trump is a 'subject' of investigation. What does that mean?
"Inside a White House in tumult, John Kelly's clout dwindles"
Dems and GOP both see edge in immigration fight
Joe Kennedy III went on Jimmy Kimmel and it wasn't all softballs
The Latest: Trump professes faith in embattled EPA chief
"Trump to visit Latin America amid trade, immigration fights"
The Latest: Trump on Manchin: 'He's not really helped us'
Woman who was fired for giving Trump's motorcade the finger sues former employer
Masters golf fans hurt when bus overturns on interstate
Ex-NFL star Clinton Portis to repay $190K debt to casino
California water polo coach charged with molesting 7 girls
Woman shoots and wounds 3 at YouTube before killing herself
'It was pure acceleration from the last brake application until it hit the bottom of the cliff'
Vaping has exploded among teens. Here's what schools are facing.
'Miraculous': 13-year-old survives 12 hours in Los Angeles sewer system
'I always knew Mike would get into a good school. ... But I never imagined this.'
"SUPREME COURT NOTEBOOK: Diabetes, decisions and justice math"
German Chancellor Merkel to visit Trump in coming weeks
US approves $1.3 billion sale of artillery to Saudi Arabia
Obama-era clean-air rule on methane emissions blocked again
"As Trump tweets, Amazon seeks to expand its business empire"
