College football team loses 98-0
"Trump's wiretap claim is false, Justice Department says"
"Wedding dress: Nothing else in house survived, but it did"
Mayor says a part of western Houston is too risky for firefighters who might have to respond to an emergency
66-million-year-old dinosaur skull found
Trump to nominate Rep. Marino as drug czar
Florida State vs. Alabama
Blind college football player makes appearance
"Dangers: Fire ants, alligators lurking in floodwaters"
Mayor orders hundreds to evacuate because there won't be a response in an emergency
No. 3 FSU vs. No. 1 Alabama
Trevor Noah weighs in on Melania's heels
No. 1 Alabama pounds No. 3 FSU
USGS: 'Possible explosion' registers in North Korea
"Large tremor detected near its nuclear test site, the USGS says"
USGS: 6.3-magnitude 'explosion' in N. Korea
N. Korean media: Kim Jong Un visits nuke lab
Analysis: Russia's power play in N. Korea aimed at China and US
US assisting South Korea with missile defense
Part of Houston too dangerous for firefighters
Los Angeles mayor declares emergency over city's largest ever fire
'Man-made' tremor detected near North Korea's nuclear test site; it would be North's 6th nuke test
North Korea nuclear test
What happens when North Korea tests a nuclear weapon
North Korea to make 'major announcement' soon
Seismological data indicates it's North Korea's most powerful nuclear test
China says a second seismic event was detected
Atlantic storm: Where will Hurricane Irma go?
"The warhead is for its intercontinental ballistic missile, North Korean state media says"
Donations: Tech billionaire pledges $36M
Atlantic storm: Where will Irma go?
"The warhead is for its intercontinental ballistic missile, North Korea  says"
6th nuclear test appears to be Pyongyang's largest
NASA: 2 astronauts return to Earth as mission control rides out flooding in Houston
How will we make it to next season of 'Game of Thrones'?
"North Korea says its hydrogen bomb is for its ICBM, which can hit the US"
Apple finally weighs in on net neutrality
China strongly condemns N. Korea nuke test
What is a hydrogen bomb and can North Korea deliver one?
"Toxic waste sites flooded in Texas, EPA says"
McCain may have signaled what Trump is up against this fall
Frankfurt evacuated for World War II bomb disposal
H-bomb: What is it and can North Korea deliver one?
Step by step: What happens in a nuclear test
How it started: Why does North Korea hate the US?
President Trump and the first lady visit flood victims
Tech billionaire pledges $36M
2 NASA astronauts return to Earth as mission control rides out flooding in Houston
Where will Hurricane Irma go?
"Track Irma's projected path, forecast"
Harvey aftermath: 13 toxic waste sites flooded
Trump returns to Gulf Coast for test as 'comforter in chief'
Where will Hurricane Irma go? Nobody knows
Wedding dress survives in a flooded Texas home
Jimmy Carter: When the water rises so do our better angels
Honore reunites with twins he saved during Katrina
This is the biggest fire in L.A. history
Frankfurt evacuated for bomb disposal
Russia summons US diplomat as tensions rise
Weapons: How much damage can N. Korea's weapons do?
"Fire ants, alligators lurking in floodwaters"
North Korea tests most powerful nuclear bomb yet
Trump reacts: North Korea is 'very hostile and dangerous'
North Korea says it can make more bombs
Venezuela stops activist Lilian Tintori from leaving the country
Kenyan court's election ruling spurs hope for Odinga supporters
"To deter North Korea, we can't pussyfoot around"
Now we have a moral duty to talk about climate change
Tech company wants Trump to overrule decision on China deal
NASA astronauts begin long journey back to flooded Houston
US gas prices climb after Harvey hits
Trump reacts: North Korea is a 'rogue nation'
The 44th President laid out four points of advice
Trump's strain with Obama marks departure from presidential fraternity
"With latest jabs, Trump-Obama relationship reaches historic nastiness"
Obama is still on Trump's mind
North Korea tests powerful nuclear bomb
The story behind the photo of assisted living residents in water
Man finds 10-foot gator in his home
A wedding dress is all that survived
Man recounts losing six family members
A  jet ski rescue at the front door
Honore reunites with twins saved 12 years ago
Photos: This is Houston. Then and now.
Read the Inauguration Day letter Obama left for Trump
These letters from outgoing presidents show grace in politics
The Trumps visit Harvey victims
Wildfires rage north of downtown L.A.
Astronauts return to Earth as mission control rides out Harvey
Rick Santorum: Obama letter politically correct
Trump reacts to missile test: Appeasement won't work
Houston has a Harvey problem at mission control
Wrestling legend Ric Flair: 'I ain't dead yet'
TX Gov.: Harvey destruction worse than Katrina
Zelizer: Harvey won't change Trump
This is the biggest fire ever for L.A.
Police won't hold American Flag at Browns opener
What Harvey destroyed and created
The story behind that flooded nursing home photo
Trump has made a bad North Korea situation even worse
Trump has made a bad North Korea situation worse
McCain signals what Trump is up against this fall
US drafting new North Korea sanctions
Trump: Appeasement won't work
Trump's rhetoric sets up test of wills
Utah nurse who was arrested gets an apology
President Obama places his letter to President Trump in the Resolute Desk in the Oval Office
Harvey creates a problem at mission control
Not all heroes wear capes
Cryptic messages worry 'Bachelor' fans
Steely Dan founder Walter Becker dies
Steely Dan co-founder Walter Becker dies
Trump threatens to stop trading with countries doing business with North Korea
Chick-fil-A comes to the rescue
What it was like to witness Harvey's destruction
Don't expect Harvey to change Trump
Mattis warns of 'massive military response' to NK nuclear threat
Mattis warns of 'massive military response' to North Korea nuclear threat
Mnuchin: Congress must raise debt ceiling while approving Harvey aid
"Opinion: Mr. President, DACA isn't your reality show"
Seeing the scenes of demolished homes
Survivor: The loss is hitting me in waves
How Trump's base could get us into a nuclear war
Why Harvey won't transform Trump
Justice Department: No evidence Obama wiretapped Trump Tower
"Each time Trump hikes pressure, North Korea goes further"
Rep. Schiff: Proposed Trump Tower in Moscow shows Trump was 'dishonest'
State of emergency issued for L.A. fire
The battle to save cattle
Burning Man festival attendee dies after running into flames
Sharapova fails to advance in US Open
