New regulatory czar lays out plan to relax rules on banks
Report gives news details about Las Vegas gunman
What's behind this government shutdown
"If the procedural measure fails, the Senate cannot vote on the bill to avert a government shutdown"
New Trump initiatives: Wins for anti-abortion activists and 'conscience' objections
Official lays out plan to ease bank rules
Analysis: Governing from crisis to crisis isn't governing
Massive underwater cave discovered
"New Trump initiatives: A win for anti-abortion activists, a weapon against others"
Officials: The kids were starved. The dogs were well-fed.
What's behind this government shutdown threat
"Twitter to tell 677,775 people they interacted with Kremlin-linked trolls"
Officials: The Turpin children were starved. The dogs were well-fed.
5 ways the shutdown could be bad for your health
DACA supporters protest in Senate office building
"Tom Petty died of accidental overdose, medical examiner says"
Report has new details on Las Vegas shooter
Tom Petty died of an accidental overdose
"Still time for a deal, White House says"
Republican senator calls for a short-term solution to keep government open as clock ticks down
McConnell sets key procedural vote for 10 p.m.
8-year-old boy dies of flu despite flu shot
Judge: I'd allow what Nassar did be done to him
"Sen. Graham said he had a compromise, but a GOP Senate leader and WH official said there was 'no deal'"
What Trump said about a government shutdown in 2013
Senate voting on bill to fund government as furious talks continue ahead of deadline
Government set to shut down at midnight
Mom gets tearful over daughter left at bus stop
The Senate is voting on bill to fund the government as furious talks continue ahead of midnight deadline
Facebook to rank news outlets
CNN boss Jeff Zucker may be in mix for ESPN job
The Senate vote to fund the government is held up as furious talks continue ahead of midnight deadline
"Not enough time for a last-minute deal, source says"
"1,600 pounds of cocaine found in pineapples"
FBI opened inquiry into Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens
Clock strikes midnight as Democrats and Republicans can't agree on a spending bill
White House blames 'obstructionist losers'
Government shuts down as Democrats and Republicans search for deal on spending bill - and blame each other
Negotiations continue on the Senate floor
McConnell to Dems: What did you accomplish?
How senators voted
Then and now: Trump on government shutdowns
The government just shut down. What happens next?
What the shutdown means for you
Trump and Schumer came close to a deal. Then it fell apart
Sen. Schumer's message to the President
How does a government shutdown work?
What Trump said about a shutdown under Obama
Neither side in shutdown drama wanted to blink first
Kim Jong Un's strategy: Invest in the economy and the nuclear program
"Doctor delivers baby 35,000 feet in the air"
5 ways shutdown could impact your health
Here's what the last shutdown looked like
Blame game begins after shutdown
FBI opened inquiry into Missouri governor
Trump responds to government shutdown
IOC makes it official: North Korea and South Korea will march together at Olympics
"North Korea plans military parade on eve of the Olympics, diplomats say"
Trump says 'Russia is not helping' with North Korea
Women - lots of them - are marching. Here's why.
Mystery surrounds Tom Brady's hand injury
"Inside the $48,000-a-night Princess Grace suite"
A year of the world's best beaches
Three Amazon finalists are inside the Beltway. What gives?
Next iPhone update lets you disable slowdown
Meet the Godfather of autonomous cars
Robots are coming for your job
Nintendo devices are made of cardboard
Officials: Turpin kids were starved. Dogs were well-fed.
This flu isn't going away
Drive-in days: America's abandoned movie theaters
Senior White House official doubtful a deal will happen today
Everything you need to know about women's marches
"Last year she marched, now she's a councilwoman"
Why Nevada is in the spotlight
A year of resistance
How a moment became a movement
Officials: Turpin kids were starved. Dogs weren't.
The Stormy Daniels story should be a bigger deal
Swing-state voters say why they're sticking with Trump
A year of Trump: (Almost) everything that happened
How Trump changed the world in one year
Marches and demonstrations are planned worldwide
How did I miss that? Pope marries couple on a plane
Women's march in DC
Aly Raisman spoke and courtroom applauded
Analysis: Stormy Daniels should be a big deal
What to expect at the SAG Awards
What electricians are finding in Buckingham Palace
"Trump's America is caving, as autocrats rise"
What's behind the government shutdown
Latest: A 'sea of people' marches in Philadelphia
Women march across America
"One year later, Women's March returns"
Rep. Pelosi: 'The President is the leader ... and he's got to lead'
"Trump is blaming Democrats, source says"
The latest: A 'sea of people' marches in Philadelphia
The year of resistance
"One year after women vowed to resist Trump's presidency, they're at it again"
Sen. Schumer: 'The breakdown of compromise is poisoning this Congress'
Gunmen launch attack on Kabul hotel
Women march in DC
Schumer holds a briefing
Police apologize for controversial Facebook post
Creative teacher engages students with visual learning
Women march in LA
Government shuts down
Spirit Airlines adds new flight from New Orleans
GOP Sen. John Cornyn:  Last night was chaos
Women march in Denver
Paul Ryan calls out Chuck Schumer
Coca Cola plans to go green in a big way
Inmate captured after escaping for third time
Protesters gather near Trump's Palm beach home
County sues drug companies over opioid crisis
Karate instructor accused of abusing student
Mourners hold candlelight for shooting victim
Dog finds new home with army specialist
Lawmakers scramble for a deal
"Ghitis: Trump's America is caving, as autocrats rise"
Singer Ed Sheeran is engaged
'Woke' grandma embodies spirit of Women's March
Democratic Sen. Tim Kaine: We're getting closer
Briefing on government shutdown
Analysis: This picture from the shutdown gives us hope
11-month-old  girl faces live-saving surgery
Embryo adoption gives new hope for families
Officials warn citizens of extreme fire danger
San Antonio police seek clues in man's murder
Trump tweets it's a good day to celebrate 'Lowest female unemployment in 18 years!'
Actress Viola Davis speaks at LA rally
Women march worldwide to rebuke Trump on the 1st anniversary of his presidency
Women's march in Los Angeles
Women march in Boston
"Key vote could come today or tomorrow, GOP senator says"
Moment Putin plunges into ice-cold water
People struggle to stay upright during windstorm
How he trained an immigrant army
Pope marries flight attendants on plane
Trump's Energizer bunny theory
Natalie Portman tells crowd how she was sexualized
Natalie Portman: Actress tells how she was sexualized
'Woke' granny: She embodies spirit of Women's March
"The backstory: One year later, Women's March returns"
She marched. She ran: A protester gets elected
The movement: The year of resistance
Blame game: Neither side will blink
Watch: Paul Ryan calls out Chuck Schumer
"Opinion:  Trump's America is caving, as autocrats rise"
Viola Davis: I was a 'Me Too'
Dem rep.: I'll build wall to help Dreamers
Celebrities speak at Women's March in LA
House Democrats will call for a vote on paying troops during shutdown
Schumer: WH talks are like 'negotiating with Jell-O'
No NFL for military: Deployed troops can't watch playoffs
$6 million in chips stolen from Wynn casino
Congress' game of chicken: Neither side blinks on DACA
"Natalie Portman: At 13, I experienced 'sexual terrorism'"
I was a 'Me Too': Watch Viola Davis' passionate speech
Here are the signs of the Women's March
"No talks today between top Senate leaders on Day 1 of the shutdown, sources tell CNN"
"No talks today between Senate leaders on Day 1 of shutdown, sources say"
Protests erupt on Trump's anniversary as President
Trump tweets: It's 'a perfect day for all Women to March'
Taking to the streets in protest: The signs of the Women's March
Anderson Cooper pokes fun at 2018's odd start
Congress' game of chicken: Neither side blinked on DACA
Nationwide protests on Trump's anniversary as President
An aerial look: See Women's Marches across the US
The future is female: Making their voices heard
Protesters pack streets to mark Trump's 1st year in office
The disturbing part about Amazon's HQ2 competition
