Analysis: Donald Trump's economic numbers are through the roof. But ...
Professor writes that UNCC shooter came into his classroom silently and began firing
Hearing goes off the rails and a lawmaker eats chicken
"Omar partially blames US for devastation in Venezuela, drawing Pence's pushback"
Visitor crosses barrier and falls 70 feet into Kilauea volcano's crater
College student on a trip to the Ozarks fell 100 feet to her death while posing for a photo
70-year-old fell to her death at the Grand Canyon
Falls aren't main cause of death at Grand Canyon
Rangers recover the body of the third visitor to die at the Grand Canyon in eight days
6 people die in national parks every week
Teens prayed for help after being swept out to sea. A boat called 'Amen' rescued them
Where exactly is Sesame Street?
US braced for Iranian response as oil crackdown starts
She's changing the cultural stigma around women's periods
The alarming assault on the free press
Why House Democrats wouldn't budge with William Barr
Florida Legislature passes ban on sanctuary cities
Anderson Cooper mocks Trump's 'best people'
Kamala Harris on Trump calling her 'nasty': I want to pursue justice 'and you can call that whatever name you want'
Staffers hold their breath as 'epic' changes come to CBS News
"After years of twists and turns, high-profile murder mystery ends with a whimper"
Growing 2020 Democratic field triggers a mad dash for donors - and complaints from campaigns
"Foreign diplomats leased condos in Trump-owned buildings, documents show"
1 million evacuated as cyclone makes landfall in India
Cuomo and Lemon: Take stigma off mental health
"Democrats want a public accounting from the special counsel,                                              especially after William Barr's contentious appearance before the Senate Judiciary Committee"
Opinion: Democrats gave Barr a really snitty time
Democrat calls Barr a chicken and then eats ... chicken
Did William Barr lie to Congress?
Kamala Harris responds to Trump calling her 'nasty'
Tons of trash and human remains found on Everest
"China is stealing tech to rapidly modernize its military, Pentagon warns"
Trump administration trying to get money to Guaido
Chinese family paid $6.5M in US college admissions scam: source
Harry and Meghan unfollow fellow royals
Thailand's Royal Coronation: What Bangkok travelers need to know
Chiefs star Tyreek Hill denies abuse allegation in letter to NFL
$7 million of meth accidentally shipped to elderly couple
Chris Cuomo's one wish 'if a genie came out of a bottle'
Chinese woman who paid $6.5M after her daughter got into Stanford says she did it to help others
Lori Loughlin shopping for crisis management help
Loughlin pleads not guilty in college admissions scandal
"Family of Chinese student admitted to Stanford paid $6.5 million to Rick Singer, source says"
'Long Shot' blends politics and romance
See who won at the Billboard Music Awards
Scandinavian air pilot strike is over after thousands of canceled SAS flights
Judge approves agreement on how evidence will be handled
Woman who paid $6.5M after daughter got into Stanford says she did it to help others
2 dead as India's strongest cyclone in 20 years makes landfall
"Poisonings have killed 7 bald eagles. Now, there is an investigation into the deaths"
Video: Tom Brady throws football through Matt Damon's window
"Scientists may have detected neutron star, black hole collision"
Hear some of Elon Musk's most ambitious predictions
This image is a 'history book' of the universe
SpaceX's resupply mission back on track after ISS solves electrical problems
Their homes were burned down in racist violence. Then officials told them to flee
Kim Jong Nam murder mystery ends with a whimper
New Zealand PM is engaged
What was Leonardo da Vinci doing at your age?
"A cellphone video led to father's confession in the killing of 5-year-old  AJ Freund, police say"
"Missing boy found dead, parents charged"
"'Maybe Mommy didn't mean to hurt me,' boy told doctor of possible abuse months before he was killed"
Don't rinse after brushing and other tips for better dental health
It looks like Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds are expecting baby No. 3
What was Leonardo da Vinci doing when he was your age?
Donald Trump's economic #'s are through the roof. But ...
"Allegations remain in forefront for Kavanaugh, 7 months after his confirmation"
What are emoluments and is Trump taking them from foreign powers?
US job market doing well but will it last? Today's jobs report could hold some clues
Analysis: What are emoluments and is Trump taking them from foreign powers?
A group sought help caring for baby birds. Thousands knitted nests
6 things you need to know before the bell
"Da Vinci died 500 years ago, but his legacy endures"
The mother of the student says the money paid to man at the center of college admission scandal was a donation for scholarships
Loughlin and husband Mossimo Giannulli 'just wanted a good education for their kids'
Pressure grows for Mueller to speak
"US economy adds 263,000 jobs in April, unemployment falls to 3.6%"
Student held racist promposal sign. Now he's banned from the prom
"'Zero' risk of HIV transmission in gay men receiving treatment, study says"
Europe's new capital of cool
A 7-month pregnant mom is in jail accused of killing her son. Here's what will happen to her newborn
"'Maybe Mommy didn't mean to hurt me,' boy told doctor of possible abuse"
'Sonic the Hedgehog' director says he hears you about the teeth thing
People are having visceral reactions to Sonic's teeth
The new Miss USA is a North Carolina lawyer who works on behalf of prison inmates
This conviction raises scary questions about race
Swalwell: US needs leader who protects the press
"US job market keeps getting stronger: Hiring up, unemployment falls to near 50-year low"
Does the jobs report confuse you? CNN breaks it down for you
Stock market reacts to strong April jobs report
Twice Obama voter explains why he'll vote for Trump
Analysis: Trump's economic numbers are through the roof. But ...
Pregnant mom jailed accused of killing her son. Here's what will happen to her newborn
Mom who paid $6.5M after daughter got into Stanford says she did it to help others
Storm winds so intense they blow windows off university building
Analysis: Pressure grows for Mueller to speak
"Hours after hosting the Billboards, Kelly Clarkson has her appendix removed"
Microsoft Solitaire clicked and dragged into a video game hall of fame
Democrats gave Barr a really snitty time
Rep. Cohen's KFC stunt wasn't finger-lickin' good
Leonardo da Vinci's 500th anniversary
Adidas can't make enough sportswear to meet demand
"Opinion: Democrats hope it's not 'the economy, stupid' in 2020"
Tom Brady throws football through Matt Damon's window
See Brady's epic throw that caused feud
'Jeopardy!' champ makes history with 21st win in a row
Facebook's new feature plays matchmaker
Burger King takes aim at McDonald's happy meals
See the new meals trolling McDonald's
Beyond Meat soars 163% in market debut
Ikea is working on a new meatless meatball
Their homes were burned in racist violence. Then officials said to flee
Student's mom says $6.5 million she gave to the man at the center of the scandal was for scholarships and it was given after Stanford accepted her daughter
Chinese family paid millions to college admissions fixer
"Jobs report: Hiring up, unemployment falls to near 50-year low"
See moment wind blows out windows and furniture from high rise building
7 dead as India's strongest cyclone in 20 years makes landfall
Truck driver charged with vehicular homicide in fatal I-70 pileup near Denver
Opinion: I'm not feeling this historic 'Jeopardy!' run
Shocking video shows doctor drop baby
Solid gold toilet to land in English stately home
Caster Semenya's fate is about more than running
Swalwell: We need a leader who protects the press
Christina Applegate returns to TV in 'Dead to Me'
"Trump and Putin speak by phone, briefly discuss Mueller report"
'Endgame' is the 5th highest grossing film of all time. What records could it break by Monday?
Review: 'Long Shot' unevenly blends political satire and romantic comedy
"Prince Harry cuts back foreign trip, putting royal baby watchers on alert"
Swalwell: Let's end the war on news
Loughlin and Mossimo Giannulli 'just wanted a good education for their kids'
Trump and Putin discuss Mueller report in phone call
Nadler threatens to hold Barr in contempt
Analysis: US economy is swimming in jobs. Calling for a rate cut now is bonkers
Opinion: Rep. Cohen's KFC stunt wasn't finger-lickin' good
Trump says McGahn should not testify before Congress
2020 polls have ominous pattern for Trump
Watch cyclone winds ravage buildings and turn over a bus
Lawsuit: Black student passed over for honor because school feared 'white flight'
We got a first look at Disney's 'Star Wars: Galaxy's Edge.' Here's what we learned
'Jeopardy!' champ just made history again
Opinion: The alarming assault on the free press
The truth about 'snitty'
Graham asks Mueller if he wants to refute Barr testimony about phone call
Senate confirms 100th Trump judge
Trump says decision on McGahn testimony coming
7 killed as Tropical Cyclone Fani hits India
Otto Warmbier's mom: My son looked like a monster
An accused serial killer is on trial in LA. Ashton Kutcher might be called to testify
Statue of Liberty makes moves to combat overtourism
Brady's epic throw inflames feud
Zac Efron adds to Netflix's Ted Bundy queue in 'Extremely Wicked'
Warren Buffett wants to invest in Britain. Is that a good idea?
Georgia inmate executed for killings 25 years ago
A truck driver is charged with 4 counts of vehicular homicide and 36 other counts in a fatal pileup near Denver
The attorney general told senators that Mueller called him to say he was more upset with media coverage than Barr's summary
READ: Lindsey Graham letter to Mueller
Mueller's silence let Trump supporters fill the void
White House complained to Barr about Mueller findings
Trump contradicts Pompeo after his call with Putin
Pence doubles down on Trump's call to turbo-charge the US economy
Here are the 21 Democrats who have said they're running for president
Chinese mom in college admissions scandal says she is victim of a scam
Ohio congressional map is ruled unconstitutional. Court orders it redrawn for 2020
Trump contradicts his secretary of state after call with Putin
Analysis: Of course Trump didn't bring up Russian meddling with Putin
Kushner previews plan for Middle East peace and says Trump 'will be proud'
Elizabeth Warren introduces a calculator for her student debt forgiveness plan
Justine Ruszczyk's family reaches a $20 million settlement with the city of Minneapolis
Coaster dares you to take a 245-foot straight dive into an abyss
Amazing POV ride on the Yukon Striker coaster
Opinion: US is failing to take a stand on the assault on the free press
"Here's what happens on Scientology's cruise ship, quarantined for an apparent case of measles. It sounds pretty intense"
Scientology cruise ship quarantined after measles outbreak
Here's why cruise ships are the ideal incubators for measles and other diseases
Church of Scientology cruise ship has left St. Lucia
'Avengers' moviegoers may have been exposed to measles
Anti-vaxers turn 'Brady Bunch' clip into a meme
Graham asks Mueller if he wants to refute Barr testimony
Trump urges caution on intervention in Venezuela
Trump says he spoke with Putin about 'Russian hoax'
"Lost fertility clinic embryos weren't living persons, Ohio appellate court rules"
The Kentucky Derby: Five reasons why you shouldn't miss it
"Good riddance to Milo, Jones and Farrakhan. But the Facebook ban offers a false sense of security"
Connecticut police surprise girl with birthday party
Nurse saves man at the movies
Cape May gift shop changes tune
"1,400 Metro teachers hope for better pay"
Is Maryland Island sinking?
Less parking at Atlanta's busy airport
Trespasser Steals Fuel Truck At MA Airport
Meet the Packers women who play a big role in team's success
Man wages social media war after AC breaks
Muslim family targeted by racist vandalism
Doctors warn against 'stress belly'
The lessons of the boat the internet built
Woman transitions after incident with pastor
Ship was quarantined with about 300 people aboard
Why cruise ships are the ideal incubators for measles and other diseases
Trump urges caution as Bolton and Pompeo tease a military intervention in Venezuela
Ohio congressional map is ruled unconstitutional. Federal court orders it redrawn for 2020 elections
John Kelly joins board of company that operates shelters for migrant children
James Holzhauer is racking up winnings. 'Jeopardy!' is racking up ratings
Child exploitation operations net 82 arrests in eight states
Gold medalist refuses to submit to new testosterone rules: 'Hell no'
Kamala Harris wants IG to find out if Barr opened probes into Trump enemies
Jake Tapper on Trump's Russia tweet: It's a lie
Court orders Ohio congressional map redrawn for 2020 elections
Justine Ruszczyk's family reaches a $20M settlement with the city of Minneapolis
Sinclair to purchase Fox College Sports and 21 regional sports networks from Disney
