"Derion Vence, who was watching Maleah Davis when she went missing, has been booked on suspicion of tampering with evidence, a human corpse"
It's been a week since anyone has seen 4-year-old Maleah Davis
Mother of missing girl: I'm terrified for Maleah
Authorities have located the car Maleah Davis' stepfather was driving the night she went missing
Police: Missing girl's stepfather changed his story
Washington is flirting with a debt crisis. No one has a plan to stop it
Biden camp responds after Giuliani's canceled trip to Ukraine
SE Cupp: This isn't a great sign
Justin Timberlake gets honorary doctorate
Giuliani sets a low bar with Ukraine trip
The Midwest state Democrats should give up
The flurry surrounding the former mayor's planned Ukraine trip shows his a unique role in Trump's loose inner circle: both public advocate and provocateur
Opinion: Giuliani sets a low bar with his Ukraine trip
Rudy Giuliani explains why he won't make Ukraine trip
Man who was watching missing girl arrested
Man who was watching missing girl is arrested
Police department investigating officer caught on video using the n-word
Massive gator found on Arkansas farm
"Trump tramples and divides world, just like he does at home"
"The recent heroic actions of two students is in keeping with guidelines for dealing with an active shooter. Not all safety experts, however, endorse the strategy."
Student who helped stop Colorado shooter says he's no hero
6th grade survivor: 'I was going to go down fighting'
"Alleged Colorado gunman bullied others and joked about school shootings, a former friend says"
"Alleged gunman joked about school shootings, former friend says"
'SNL' asks GOP members what it would take to stop supporting Trump
Pilot arrested at Kentucky airport in 2015 triple homicide
"Peggy Lipton, star of 'Mod Squad' and 'Twin Peaks,' dead at 72"
Rapper arrested on firearm charge at festival
Who will win the fight for the Iron Throne?
He pioneered human genome technology. Now his greatest challenge is curing his son
Teens accused in plot to lure men on Tinder and then rob them
"Blood evidence linked to Maleah Davis is found in home of man who reported her missing, police say"
3 sets of human remains found after Virginia gas station explosion
China's persecuted Uyghurs find acceptance in Turkey
"For many young South Koreans, dating is too expensive, or too dangerous"
Analysis: Europe's populist nightmare won't end with Brexit
Conservative pundit admits he was 'destroyed' after cutting short TV debate
Teens accused in plot to lure men on Tinder and rob them at gunpoint
Maryland police department investigating officer caught on video using the n-word
Opinion: Who will win the fight for the Iron Throne
Silver King dies during London wrestling fight
Alyssa Milano is calling for a sex strike to protest strict abortion laws
"Blood evidence linked to Maleah Davis found, police say"
American Nazis protested a Holocaust remembrance event
"Mina Mangal, Afghan journalist, killed in Kabul"
"She raised her kids from prison for 35 years. Now that she's free, she has a mission"
"Judy Henderson spent hours on a prison phone wishing she could hold her children. After she got out, she knew she couldn't forget about others like her."
Mothers of celebs reveal their best advice (2018)
"Opinion: Arya, Lady Gaga and Avengers give us the great escape"
Analysis: The government already knows how to end school lunch shaming
The trade war is the biggest risk to markets
"'Run, hide, fight' has become a mantra for shootings. Here's what it really involves"
Survivor: 'I was going to go down fighting'
Giuliani sets a low bar with his Ukraine idea
"Peggy Lipton, star of 'Mod Squad' and mother of Rashida Jones, dead at 72"
Michigan deputies stop a man who was 'on a killing spree'
This class teaches people to act as first responders in a mass shooting
"Opinion: Arya, Lady Gaga and Avengers"
Harris: Fair to say that we are looking at a crisis
Kirsten Gillibrand is campaigning by living her best life. So why aren't voters responding?
Kamala Harris: Trump admin standoff with Congress 'potentially a constitutional crisis'
"Five killed in attack on luxury Pakistan hotel, military says"
Companies halt production in Georgia over abortion law
Georgia's governor signs a controversial abortion bill
Watching for the Supreme Court to set the terms for the eventual Roe v. Wade showdown
Trump divides world just like he does at home
Sandra Bland's video is a disturbing reminder
Ron Davis pioneered technology that fueled the Human Genome Project. Now his greatest challenge is curing his own son.
Kamala Harris defends controversial truancy initiative
DHS asks military for more help dealing with influx of migrants
"5 killed in Pakistan hotel attack, military says"
Melania Trump's 'Be Best' pushes for kids' well-being but she's silent on vaccines
OutKast reunites at Big Boi's son's graduation
'Avengers' wins third box office weekend
Alyssa Milano called for a sex strike to protest strict abortion laws. Women were not having it.
Sen. Kamala Harris says she wouldn't have voted for NAFTA
Attack on Catholic church in Burkina Faso leaves six dead
"FBI investigating reported machete attack on Appalachian Trail hikers, sheriff's office says"
Uncanny similarities between 'Veep' and reality
Manchester City retains Premier League title
"An Uber driver allegedly tried to lock 2 women in his car and told them, 'You're not going anywhere'"
YouTuber James Charles has lost 1 million subscribers since his Tati feud
How reality is looking more and more like this TV comedy
These companies are halting production in Georgia over abortion law
Opinion: Alyssa Milano's sex strike is misguided. Here's what actually might work
Ron Davis pioneered tech that fueled the Human Genome Project. Now he's rooting out the cause of a disease laying waste to his son.
"Uber driver allegedly tried to lock 2 women in his car and said, 'You're not going anywhere'"
Kirsten Gillibrand is having fun running for president. Why aren't voters responding?
Stelter asks Chelsea Manning: Do you have any regrets?
Texas uses 'The Waterboy' to tell drivers to be safe
Opinion: Who will win Game of Thrones?
"FBI investigating machete attack on Appalachian Trail hikers, sheriff's office says"
Duchess Meghan celebrates first Mother's Day with new photo of Archie
Conservative pundit 'destroyed' in TV debate
"In some cases, schools have forced kids to wear stamps showing they owe lunch money. The government remedy is out of reach for most"
"After a Rhode Island school district said students with lunch debt would eat jelly sandwiches, a yogurt company stepped in"
Anonymous donor provides free lunches to Georgia district's families in need during holiday break
Cafeteria worker quits over student lunch debt policy (2016)
What school lunch looks like around the world
"Uber driver allegedly told 2 women in his car, 'You're not going anywhere.' He now faces kidnapping charges"
He led a science revolution. Then his son got sick
FBI investigating machete attack on Appalachian Trail
Ohio high school eliminating valedictorian honor
Traffic stop ends 'a killing spree'
6 killed in attack on church in Burkina Faso
He was hanging out a bus. Mom says it was a racist act.
'This is Us' renewed for three more seasons
Pete Davidson gave his mom the best gift
"No Shoot Zone, community collect donations for toddlers shot"
Podcast host spreads message of positivity
Hundreds gather at PBIA to welcome home veterans
Mail carriers pick up food donations
Mom arrested for abusing baby for not standing
Husband charged in wife's death
"Caregivers charged with assault, kidnapping"
Caught on cam: Porch pirate caught stealing tools
Teens warns peers of risks of distracted driving
Adorable coyote pup saved from busy street
"Organ donors, recipients celebrate together"
Nurse creates mobile shower unit for homeless
"Thousands participate in Heart Walk, raise $1M"
Hair stylist restores confidence in young girls
Mother and daughter will graduate together
Couple face kidnapping charges
"The man who was watching Maleah Davis is likely to be charged with murder, court documents say"
Man wanted by FBI for 23 years turns himself in
White House says House Democrats are not following 'rules and norms'
Adviser contradicts Trump on tariffs
Predictions on who will win the fight for the Iron Throne
American racists protest a Holocaust remembrance event
Georgia police officer shot and killed
Kudlow contradicts Trump on tariffs
Yoga instructor who went out for a hike in Maui is missing
"Business fair attracts dozens of ""kidpreneurs"""
John Cena bringing awareness to veteran suicide
Democrats will almost certainly get President Trump's financial records. A GOP effort to investigate the Christopher Steele dossier may help them.
Cuomo uses entire segment to address Trump directly
White House says House investigations are not following 'rules and norms'
Trump's $1 billion loss defense debunked
Opinion: Congress should put country ahead of party on Trump's claim of 'executive privilege'
Man arrested in deadly machete attack on Appalachian Trail hikers
Analysis: The US knows how to end school lunch shaming
Padres changed Twitter handle for Mother's Day and briefly lost their old one
