Man arrested for allegedly punching woman who called out manspreading
"David Cassidy, ""Partridge Family"" star, hospitalized in Florida"
Elementary school lockdown training saved lives
"""48 Hours"" preview: Taken Away"
Trump administration backing down on the decision to lift ban on elephant trophies
President Trump quiet on Roy Moore
Religious leaders speak out against Roy Moore
Zimbabwe's president to meet with military leaders
The Museum of the Bible opens in D.C.
Miners find new work in computer industry
Fashion designer Azzedine Alaia 1940-2017
Coal miners find new work in computer industry
11/18: CBS Evening News
"Roy Moore infected with ""false religious virus"": Evangelicals reject Moore at Alabama gathering"
Gerry Adams to step down as leader of Sinn Fein after 30 years
"""Three's Company"" actress Ann Wedgeworth dead at 83"
"Roy Moore infected with ""false religious virus,"" says evangelical leader"
Grateful Dead's longtime lawyer's widow auctions rare memorabilia
Jessie Bardwell case: Was Texas woman's death an accident or murder?
"Moore infected with ""false religious virus"": Ala. evangelicals reject Moore"
Who killed Christina Worthington?
Judge says he doesn't regret Facebook post detailing sexual history
Who killed Christa Worthington?
"Zimbabwe's Mugabe fired as ruling party leader, official says"
Talking turkey: Butterball's help line
"Creating tiny food for ""Tiny Kitchen"""
Zimbabwe's Robert Mugabe fired as ruling party chief
Zimbabwe's Mugabe fired as ruling party chief
LaToya Cantrell becomes New Orleans' 1st woman mayor
"AMAs reflect year in pop music, where male acts dominated"
Feeding the need: Expanding school lunch programs
"Creating the bite-sized foods of ""Tiny Kitchen"""
Multi-Cookers: The kitchen gadget that's all the rage
Expanding school lunch programs
Pumpkin Spice invades the world
"Major Alabama news organization urges voters to ""reject"" Moore"
The sweet and sour history of ketchup
Pumpkin spice takes over the world
The Instant Pot that's all the rage
Switching to vegetables
The world's best restaurant: A Yorkshire pub
Reintroducing Yemeni coffee to America
Childhood memories preserved at the Lunchbox Museum
Blast from the past: School lunchboxes
One chef's journey
The rise of Japanese whisky
U.S. Secret Service apprehends attempted WH fence jumper
"A visit to the Black Swan, the Best Restaurant in the World"
The hot new dessert: Rolled ice cream
The world's most expensive coffee
Martha Stewart and Snoop Dogg: TV's oddest couple
New Delhi's polluted air doesn't deter half marathon runners
Two earthquakes rattle Oklahoma town
A Houston chef that's living the dream
Nature: Wild turkeys
Roy Moore's base remains committed in Alabama
"Open: This is Face the Nation, November 19th"
Whisky from the Land of the Rising Sun
Rolled Ice Cream
"Sen. Tom Cotton: ""Every income group will receive a tax cut under Senate bill"""
"Mel Tillis, country music legend, dead at 85"
How should Congress address sexual harassment allegations?
"Mick Mulvaney says the Trump administration wants ""the best tax bill that can pass"""
Rep. Jackie Speier on combating sexual harassment
"Ketchup, a sweet and sour love story"
"11/19: Mick Mulvaney, Ed O'Keefe, David French"
Will the tax reform package pass before Christmas?
A new venture for CBS Radio
Bringing Yemeni coffee back to America
How veggies impersonate other foods
"Sen. Cotton says ""every income group"" will ""see a tax cut"" under Senate bill"
Several injured after scaffolding collapses in Manhattan
"Rep. Speier calls congressional Office of Compliance an ""enabler"" of sex harassment"
Mulvaney says admin. wants tax bill to pass with or without Obamacare mandate repeal
"Dale Earnhardt Jr. on NASCAR finale: ""This is gonna be a weird day"""
Trump tweets he should have left UCLA players in Chinese jail
Argentina unsure if signals came from lost submarine
Many Christian conservatives are backing Alabama's Roy Moore
Mugabe still Zimbabwe president despite pressure to resign
"11/19: Sen. Tom Cotton, Rep. Jackie Speier, and Mick Mulvaney"
Russell Simmons denies sexual misconduct allegations
"Police: Child shoots, wounds 3-year-old in Minnesota"
Undercover video shows nurses laughing as WWII vet dies
Trader Joe's recalls some packaged salads over contamination fear
Police: Inmate used 9-year-old girl to smuggle drugs into prison
"Border patrol agent killed in the line of duty, officials say"
"Jeffrey Tambor doesn't see how he can return to ""Transparent"""
U.S. Secret Service apprehends attempted W.H. fence jumper
