"""48 Hours"" investigates the murders of Andra and Brad Sachs"
Results of the 2017 Belmont Stakes
A toxic Texas love triangle turns deadly
Sole survivor of grocery store killing spree saw killer but he spared her
Police: Bobbi Brown's ex arrested on domestic battery charges
Shadow of Death: The murders of Andra and Brad Sachs
"iPad exclusive: Juror: Frances Hall just like a ""neighbor"""
Plane makes frightening hard landing in Florida
Frances Hall's defense team on their one big regret
Winning numbers for massive $447M Powerball lottery jackpot are ...
Massive $435M Powerball lottery jackpot up for grabs
Frances Hall case: Texas love triangle triangle turns deadly
The murders of Andra and Brad Sachs
"Ashton Sachs case: Judge ""throws the book"" at Calif. man for senseless murder of parents"
Lorde on fame
Frances Hall case: Texas love triangle turns deadly
Winning Powerball ticket will claim 10th largest prize in U.S. history
Massive Powerball lottery jackpot up for grabs
France's newly-elected president faces test in parliamentary vote
Photos of London attackers' fake suicide belts released
Calendar: Week of June 12
Nature: Waterfowl
Son of late Libyan dictator released after years in detention
Lost at sea: A harrowing story of survival
"""Annie"" at 40: The stars reunite"
Broadway's Annies: Where are they now?
Almanac: Ben Franklin's stove
Almanac: The Franklin stove
Overboard: A tale of survival at sea
"Lorde returns to the ""crazy environment"""
Off-Off Broadway: Tommy Tune in Japan
Wonder Woman's origin story
Trump targets James Comey in latest series of tweets
Jim Gaffigan turns a cold shoulder to massage
"Lankford: Trump took ""light touch"" with Comey, but was still ""inappropriate"""
Wonder Woman through the years
U.S. conducts operation targeting al-Shabab
"Open: This is Face the Nation, June 11"
"Sen. Lindsey Graham: Trump's tweets feed ""lynch mob mentality"""
"Sen. Lindsey Graham: Trump's ""wrestling match"" with Comey interferes with U.S. agenda"
Tommy Tune brings Broadway to Japan
A pied piper of patriotism
Broadway's own street artist
"GOP Senate Intel member weighs in on ""surprising"" Comey testimony"
Sen. Chuck Schumer: Being new to the job no excuse for Trump
"""You're your own worst enemy here, Mr. President,"" Graham tells Trump"
Jim Gaffigan turns a cold shoulder to massage therapy
Week in Review: Comey Chaos
John's Notebook: a test of character
"""You're your own worst enemy,"" Mr. President, Graham tells Trump"
John's Notebook: A Washington morality tale
Schumer tells Trump to stop playing games with possibility of Comey tapes
Comey testifies and Trump hits back
Will President Trump testify?
Rallies in support of LGBT rights kick off across U.S.
Puerto Rico mulls political status in referendum
The Yale Rep: A treasure of live theater
"Passage: ""Batman"" star Adam West"
Qatar hires former U.S. attorney general
"6/11: Graham, Lankford, Schumer"
Services to mark 1 year since worst mass shooting in recent U.S. history
50 years of Yale Repertory Theatre
France's prime minister: Macron's party wins election
Trump lawyer doesn't rule out firing Mueller
Embattled British PM appoints ministers to her shaky government
High school insisted student cover U.S. Army uniform at graduation
UK says state visit invite to Trump still stands
Severed head and burned torso found miles apart in Mississippi
Bobbi Kristina Brown's ex appears in court after arrest
Remembering Orlando's 49
Pied piper of patriotism
Remembering the 49 lost in Orlando
Trump lawyer doesn't rule out firing special counsel Robert Mueller
Puerto Rican nationalist booed and cheered at parade in New York City
Schumer tells Trump to stop playing games with possible Comey tapes
Uber reportedly weighing leave of absence for CEO
"What is ""brain hacking""? Tech insiders on why you should care"
"Bruno Mars on his artistry: ""I'm working hard for this"""
North Korean defector believes he can help topple regime by speaking out
"Actor Kevin Spacey holds court in ""Clarence Darrow"""
N. Korean defector believes he can help topple regime by speaking out
