Spark in migrants entering the U.K. causes government concern
"1 dead, 4 injured in massive Chicago high-rise garage fire"
Missouri community searches for answers in quadruple homicide
12/29: CBS Evening News
Doctor possibly exposed to Ebola brought to U.S. for treatment
Cop's death sparks debate
Increased health tests at border
U.K. warns of escalating migrant crisis
Tsunami alert lifted after powerful earthquake off Philippines
"Chicago high-rise garage fire kills 1, injures 4"
Injuries reported after jetway collapses at Baltimore airport
Police video: Murder suspect talks and talks and talks
"Police video: Murder suspect asks, ""Will anybody want to marry me?"
Police video: Watch suspect sing and dance
France's yellow vest protesters demonstrate outside broadcasters
"In bizarre police video, murder suspect sings ""I did it! Yes, I did it."""
Quadruple homicide in Missouri
New murder trial for Shayna Hubers: Why did she shoot Ryan Poston six times?
Watch murder suspect sing and dance in bizarre police video
Murder suspect worries about marriage prospects
Alabama tops Oklahoma 45-34 in Orange Bowl
Cyberattack hits major U.S. newspapers and affects distribution
2019: What to expect in Washington in the New Year?
"2018's biggest stories, month-by-month"
Encyclopedia Britannica: All the world at your fingertips
The year in review: Top news stories of 2018 month by month
Encyclopedia Britannica is turning 250 - look it up!
"Kelly says Sessions ""surprised"" White House with child separation policy"
2019: What's next for Washington?
What's next for the Middle East?
The return of Laurel & Hardy
Jim Gaffigan touches on the prevalence of screens
2019: What's next for the Middle East?
2019: What's next for Asia?
Nature up close: Northern Lights
Top news stories of 2018 month by month
"The immortal Laurel & Hardy, reborn"
2019: What to expect in Asia in the New Year?
Jim Gaffigan on the proliferation of screens
2019: What to expect in the Middle East in the New Year?
"Shelby says shutdown ""could last a long, long time"""
What's next for Europe and Russia?
"The year in review: 2018's most popular movies, songs, TV and more"
?Hail and farewell to those we lost in 2018
2019: What's next for Europe and Russia?
"2018's most popular movies, songs, TV and more"
"""Hail and Farewell"" to those who passed in 2018"
The year in review: 2018's tops in pop culture
"Shelby says Congress loses in a shutdown and ""we kind of look silly"""
"Open: This is ""Face the Nation,"" December 30"
Nature: White deer
2019: What to expect in Europe and Russia in the New Year?
"Kelly says White House was ""surprised"" by child separation"
New murder trial for Shayna Hubers: Why did she shoot Ryan Poston?
Moment in nature: White deer
Pope Francis will hold summit in 2019 on sexual abuse controversy
"Gayle Smith: The fight against AIDS is winnable but ""the world is not paying attention"""
Annual panel of historians focuses on presidential leadership in turbulent times
"Tester says shutdown impasse is ""nothing short of ridiculous"""
"Tester calls shutdown impasse ""nothing short of ridiculous"""
"Gayle Smith: AIDS fight is winnable, but ""world is not paying attention"""
"ONE Campaign CEO warns against complacency in AIDS, Ebola fights"
"""Sunday Morning"" Full Episode 12/30"
"Face The Nation: Michael Beschloss, Doris Kearns Goodwin, Jill Lepore, Peter Baker"
"12/30: Tester, Shelby, Smith"
4 historians discuss how 2018 will go down in the history books
Lion kills 1 after escaping enclosure in North Carolina
Lion kills 22-year-old intern after escaping enclosure
Graham floats trading immigrant protections for wall funding to end shutdown
Lindsey Graham says Trump open to wall trade-offs
"""CBS Weekend  News"" headlines for Sunday, December 30, 2018"
