How the FBI will investigate the Brett Kavanaugh allegations
"Senate panel refers ""apparent false statements"" about Kavanaugh for criminal investigation"
"Chaos, stampede at Central Park concert after false alarm of gunshots"
"""48 Hours"" disrupts alleged dark web hitmen in potential murder-for-hire plots"
"Women in Brazil say ""not him"" in protest against far-right presidential candidate"
"Neko Case performs ""Halls of Sarah"""
Calendar: Week of October 1
Hearing aids: You ain't heard nothing yet
"Flake, Coons on Kavanaugh's ""angry"" testimony on Capitol Hill"
"Graham, Kennedy on whether the FBI's Kavanaugh probe could change their minds"
"Documentary ""Love, Gilda"" recalls the beloved comedian's all-too-brief life"
Balloon art: A POP! culture competition
Remembering 1968: When Miss America met women's liberation
Art made of balloons
Rebecca Traister on the power of women's (and men's) anger
The inventor of the Geiger Counter
Ted Turner: Never a quitter
A nation is tasked: Whom to believe?
Jim Gaffigan on losing his appendix
Jim Gaffigan on his emergency appendectomy
Why the anger of women is dismissed
Ford and Kavanaugh: Who is believable?
"Iran's top diplomat warns Trump's ""bully"" behavior will prompt backlash"
Europe wins Ryder Cup over talented U.S. team to reclaim title
"Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarif: Trump's ""bully"" behavior will prompt backlash"
"HED: Open: This is Face the Nation, September 30"
"Klobuchar: Kavanaugh's ""excessive drinking"" relevant to FBI probe"
"Cotton: Christine Blasey Ford ""victimized by Democrats"""
Author Michael Lewis says the Trump Administration started from a position of ignorance
Will the FBI investigation solve the battle over Kavanaugh's confirmation?
John's Notebook: A week of anguish
"Amy Klobuchar says Kavanaugh's history of ""excessive drinking"" relevant to FBI investigation"
"Tom Cotton says Christine Blasey Ford has been ""victimized by Democrats"""
"Open: This is Face the Nation, September 30"
John Dickerson's Notebook: A week of anguish
"What's coming up this season on ""60 Minutes"""
"Kellyanne Conway: ""I'm a victim of sexual assault"""
Iran's top diplomat defends comparing Trump to Nazis
Kanye West goes on pro-Trump rant after SNL performance
"Face The Nation - Javad Zarif, Jan Crawford,  Michael Lewis"
"9/30: Cotton, Klobuchar"
"Christine Blasey Ford hasn't heard from FBI, lawyer says"
"Death toll surges from devastating earthquake, tsunami in Indonesia"
Author Michael Lewis says Trump administration started from a position of ignorance
Will FBI investigation solve battle over Kavanaugh's confirmation?
"Sen. Amy Klobuchar says Kavanaugh's history of ""excessive drinking"" relevant to FBI investigation"
"Sen. Tom Cotton says Christine Blasey Ford has been ""victimized by Democrats"""
"Sens. Jeff Flake, Chris Coons on Kavanaugh's ""angry"" testimony on Capitol Hill"
"Sen. Amy Klobuchar: Kavanaugh's ""excessive drinking"" relevant to FBI probe"
"Paul McCartney speaks with ""60 Minutes"""
Crews search for missing hiker near North Carolina-Tennessee border
The compromise on Brett Kavanaugh's Supreme Court confirmation
Who's responsible for the opioid epidemic?
"Paul McCartney speaks to ""60 Minutes"""
"3 dead in Pennsylvania car explosion, coroner says; FBI joins investigation"
People renew their DACA application
FBI wraps up Brett Kavanaugh background check
"""CBS Weekend News"" headlines for Sunday, Sepember 30, 2018"
"Death toll rises after earthquake, tsunami hit Indonesia"
