"White House disputes Kelly comments about hiring a ""yes man"""
Symptoms and treatment of teen depression: Advice for parents
Jurors from Howard Pilmar's murder trial had difficulty reaching verdict
Worried wife or alibi? Listen to Roslyn Pilmar's voicemail to her husband
"White House says Trump will make ""major statement"" Sunday morning"
Who Wanted Howard Pilmar Dead?
Was NYC millionaire's murder a family affair?
ISIS leader al-Baghdadi believed to have been killed in Syria
"""Staying home is a selfish act"": Evacuation ordered in NorCal fire"
"Sanders tells student to ""respect police officer"" at forum"
Non-monogamy is more common than you might think
ISIS leader al-Baghdadi believed to have been killed by U.S. forces in Syria
Why it's tough to be a dinosaur
Calendar: Week of October 28
ISIS leader believed to be killed in U.S. raid in Syria
Air Force spaceplane lands after 780-day mission
"Meet a ""Jurassic World Live"" dinosaur"
Hugh Murphy's humorous T-Rex
"Trump to make ""major statement"" after apparent killing of ISIS leader"
ISIS leader dead after dramatic U.S. raid in Syria
One shrinking Japanese town's plan: Give away houses for free
"The life of Prince, revealed in ""The Beautiful Ones"""
Gargoyles and grotesques get their closeup
Almanac: Captain Cook
Our fascination with Tyrannosaurus Rex
"Historian Doris Kearns Goodwin on ""cutting the past some slack"""
Trump announces ISIS leader killed in U.S. raid in Syria
Pages from Prince's life
Time will tell: Historians on judging presidential leadership
How scary music makes movies scarier
"Trump says ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi dead after ""daring"" U.S. raid in Syria"
Nature: Spider webs
"The Islamic State, part one"
Taking the wraps off candy
"Trump says ISIS leader ""died like a coward"" in U.S. raid"
Candy: From factory to Halloween bag
"Transcript: Trey Gowdy on ""Face the Nation,"""
"Judging presidents, past and present"
Susan Rice says fight against ISIS not over despite leader's death
Scary music for movies: Why it haunts us
"Pence says al-Baghdadi raid shows U.S. will be ""unrelenting"" in fight against ISIS"
Passage: Nikon Small World photo winners
Special Report: Trump announces killing of ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi
The art of gargoyles
"Transcript: Mike Pence on ""Face the Nation"""
Repopulating a Japanese town
A friend in need
Trey Gowdy leaves door open to joining Trump's legal team
Experts on what the death of al-Baghdadi means for the fight against ISIS
"Klobuchar says she would leave troops in Syria and not ""give in"" to Turkey"
"Transcript: Trey Gowdy on ""Face the Nation"""
Al-Baghdadi dead: Breaking down the raid on the ISIS leader
The brutal life and death of ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi
"Mike Morell and Admiral James Winnefeld on ""Face the Nation"""
"Transcript: Susan Rice on ""Face the Nation"""
"Open: This is ""Face the Nation,"" October 27"
"Klobuchar: Trump's foreign policy still a ""disaster"" despite ISIS raid"
"Pence: Death of ISIS leader shows U.S. is ""unrelenting"""
"Transcript: Mike Morell and James Winnefeld on ""Face the Nation"""
"10/27: Mike Pence, Holly Williams, David Martin"
"Face The Nation: Trey Gowdy, Amy Klobuchar, Mike Morell, James Winnefeld"
"Tyrannosaurus Rex, king of the dinosaurs"
"Full transcript of ""Face the Nation"" on October 27, 2019"
"Gowdy: Trump demand for Ukraine help ""can't be"" impeachable"
"""Sunday Morning"" Full Episode 10/27"
"180,000 under evacuation orders in NorCal fire - live updates"
How U.S. Army officials coordinated the operation to kill ISIS leader al-Baghdadi
"180,000 residents ordered to evacuate due to fires in Northern California"
Santa Ana winds increase fire risk in Southern California
State of emergency declared in 2 California counties as fires rage
Longtime Congressman John Conyers has died at 90
Surge in wind and extreme fire in California
California governnor expands emergency declaration to entire state
Who was ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi?
Evacuation centers open for California state residents
ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is dead
"""CBS Weekend News"" headlines for Sunday, October 27, 2019"
Why hasn't President Obama endorsed Joe Biden?
Joe Biden responds to criticism of his son's Ukraine dealings
Joe Biden: The 2019 60 Minutes Interview
Saving the giant panda from extinction
Growing pains for legal weed in California
Raising baby pandas in captivity
"Friends intervene to help homeless man in Austin, Texas"
Former Congressman John Conyers Jr. has died at 90
Marijuana in California: How the state's legalization of weed has not destroyed the black market
Giant Pandas: How China and the U.S. are saving the iconic bear from extinction
A urine-scented panda suit may be key to helping pandas survive the wild
California governor expands emergency declaration to entire state
California congresswoman resigns amid affair allegations
LVMH wants to buy Tiffany's for $14.5 billion
Air Force X-37B spaceplane successfully returns to earth after 780-day mission
California governor orders an investigation into the mystery surcharge on gas
Giant pandas: What does it take to raise a baby panda in captivity?
Manhunt on for gunman who killed two people at a Halloween party in Texas
