Special counsel is investigating Jared Kushner's business dealings
Trump is officially under investigation. How did we get here?
"At Congressional Baseball Game, hopes for less acrimony among lawmakers"
GOP Senate leaders aim to bring health-care legislation to the floor by end of June
Here's 60+ seconds from the congressional baseball game to make you feel a little bit better about politics
Want to watch the Congressional Baseball Game? Here's how you can do it from home.
Trump keeps creating his own personal hell
Moment of silence held at Congressional Baseball Game
Trump lashes out at Russia probe; Pence hires a lawyer
Senate overwhelmingly passes new Russia and Iran sanctions
Rep. Paulsen: Scalise 'would like nothing more than be on the field'
Trump said foreign leaders wouldn't laugh at the U.S. Now they're laughing at him.
McAuliffe to turn over list of restored felons to settle suit from state prosecutor
"Is the left to blame for rising political tensions? Hardly, say Democrats."
Pence hires outside counsel to deal with Russia probe inquiries
"With the Trumps on hand, Neil Gorsuch officially joins the Supreme Court"
Hogan outlines big plans for Maryland Republicans in 2018
"Trump touts apprenticeships, turning to an issue with bipartisan support"
House passes resolution supporting shooting victims
The bogus claim that a map of crosshairs by Sarah Palin's PAC incited Rep. Gabby Giffords's shooting
"Following the shootout in Virginia, members of Congress push for greater security"
Trump's full speech on apprenticeships
From 1776 to now: A history of lawmakers and gun violence
Trump on Rep. Steve Scalise's condition: 'He's in some trouble'
"With shift on Cuba, Trump could undercut his company's hotel-industry rivals"
Why a single gunshot to Steve Scalise's hip can be a life-threatening injury
U.S. and Central American officials warn problems in the region pose a risk to the United States
"Otto Warmbier has extensive loss of brain tissue, no obvious signs of trauma, doctors say"
Are fathers 'secondary' caregivers? A JPMorgan employee claims its policy is biased
Booz Allen reports it is under federal investigation of its billing practices - and its shares drop sharply after hours
The Navy thought this sailor was lost at sea. He was just found alive - on his own ship.
Booz Allen reported its billing practices are under investigation - and its shares drop sharply after hours
"Fugitive polygamist Lyle Jeffs was found living in a Ford pickup after a year on the lam, FBI says"
5 surprising things many Americans get wrong
Commerce Department cuts LGBT protections from its equal opportunity policy statement
"After a tragedy many saw as preventable, London fire survivors vent their anger"
"As Britain softens its Brexit aims, E.U. leaders say their doors are still open"
"Suicide blast at Shiite mosque in Kabul kills at least 2, Afghan officials say"
"'All this circus': Putin takes heat from broke, angry Russians in live call-in show"
Dennis Rodman just gave Kim Jong Un 'The Art of the Deal.' And it may be a genius move.
Australian leader is on the hot seat for making fun of Donald Trump
An Italian mayor won an international award for helping migrants. Then she lost her job.
Government: 7 killed in explosion at east China kindergarten
North Korea says it released American student 'on humanitarian grounds'
Kabul's American University just reopened after terrorist attack. Now it's facing new threats.
Cubans brace for worst as Trump takes aim at Obama opening
Suspect identified in China kindergarten explosion; 8 killed
The Latest: China kindergarten blast suspected crime; 8 dead
Chinese authorities: Explosion at front gate of kindergarten suspected to be a criminal act; death toll climbs to eight
UN urges Yemen cease-fire and open ports to confront cholera
"Journalist, congressional hopeful is shot dead in Honduras"
Here are 60-plus seconds from the congressional baseball game to make you feel a little bit better about politics
Australian prime minister says he 'channels' Trump in speech
"Ernestina Herrera de Noble, who built a media empire in Argentina, dies at 92"
Japan's Crown Prince Naruhito starts 5-day visit to Denmark
Trump signs executive order to expand apprenticeships
Malaysia police investigate alleged bullying death as murder
Congressional Baseball Game 'means a little bit more' after shooting
Quaint hometown of congressional baseball shooterstunned
Quaint hometown of congressional baseball shooter stunned
Trump to revise parts of Obama's Cuba policy
Kelly revokes Obama order shielding immigrant parents of U.S. citizens
US accuses Chinese company of transferring NKorean money
"N. Korea portraits: Ordinary lives, ever in leader's shadow"
The European Union is popular again. But there are reasons for Brussels to worry.
"The old order is crumbling in the West, but not the one you think"
"Police kill 2 militant suspects, arrest 3 in Pakistan"
"China, SKorea put missile rift on hold to join AIIB meeting"
"Investigators say homemade bomb was used in the explosion at a Chinese kindergarten, suspect is among the dead"
Singapore PM: Last will of Lee Kuan Yew 'troubling'
Australia to hold first nationwide gun amnesty in 21 years
Can you declutter if you have kids? This Japanese dad says you can.
Video: Trump's flip-flops on remarks in his 2015 campaign announcement speech
Can Trump really roll back Obama's Cuba policy?
"Two years later, has Trump kept his campaign promises?"
China police: Bomb behind kindergarten blast; suspect dead
Germany set to open its first liberal mosque in Berlin
Russia claims it has killed IS leader al-Baghdadi
"Russia claims it killed IS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, scores of other militant leaders"
Diverse London neighborhood unites in fire aftermath
Singapore leader: Last will of nation's founder 'troubling'
Kindergarten bombing marks latest Chinese school attack
China police blame lone bomber for killing 8 at kindergarten gate
US-led anti-Islamic State group coalition says it cannot confirm reports IS leader was killed in airstrike
Swiss prosecutors confirm 25 investigations linked to FIFA
The Latest: U.S official can't confirm al-Baghdadi killin
6 suspects convicted in 1993 Mumbai bomb blasts
UK's Hammond says economy should be priority in Brexit talks
'Acute political crisis in Congo:' Former African leaders
Grief turns to anger in neighborhood near tower fire
The Latest: U.S official can't confirm al-Baghdadi killing
Trial of mother of Thai student dissident begins
Man arrested near Dutch concert suspected of 'terror' crime
Macron holds a meetings with European leaders in Paris
Lesotho hopes for political stability as PM is inaugurated
More states are registering voters automatically. Here's how that affects voting.
Pence's balancing act as Trump's No. 2 shows signs of strain amid WH turmoil
"The Latest: Queen, Prince William visit tower fire area"
UK treasury chief: economy should be main focus in Brexit
"Queen Elizabeth II, Prince William arrive in west London to meet with victims of high-rise fire"
Trailblazing South Africa equestrian turns to new generation
"Among South Sudan's refugees, thousands of stranded children"
Singapore leader hits back at siblings over father's will
UN says aid to 9 million Syrian children is in peril
German customs to crush 35 tons of seized fidget spinners
Oregon becomes first state to offer 'not specified' gender option on ID cards
UN experts decry deteriorating human rights in Bahrain
Dutch judge rejects extension of terror suspect's detention
London police say a man with a knife has been arrested near Parliament
"For some traumatized veterans, the best therapy can be stroking a velvety nose"
Turkey's justice minister slams protest by opposition leader
"15,000 Hannover residents evacuated after WWII bomb found"
Police arrest man with knife outside UK Parliament
Russia verifying whether it killed IS leader in airstrike
Macron meets with other European leaders in Paris
Swiss prosecutors confirm about 25 FIFA investigations
Malaysia seizes 400 kilograms of pangolin scales from Ghana
"London Police say 24 people are being treated after tower fire, 12 in critical care"
London police say the number of victims has increased to 30 in the west London fire
New French revolution? Novices set to take over parliament
"Sweden: Extremism grows, chiefly radical Islamists."
Young man killed in anti-India clashes in Kashmir
Kenya official: Roadside bomb blows up passenger vehicle
The Latest: 30 confirmed dead in London high-rise fire
Banning Flippers? North Korea lashes out at trade sanctions
London Police Commander Stuart Cundy says there is no evidence that tower fire was started deliberately
"Merkel: US must not link Russia sanctions, economy interests"
The Latest: PM Theresa May visits hospitalized fire victims
Prime Minister Theresa May visits hospitalized survivors of Grenfell Tower fire
The Finance 202: The road to Dodd-Frank rewrite runs through red-state Democrats
Greyhound races are a thing of the past. Here's why Florida still hasn't learned that.
A devoted pediatric surgeon makes a case for care designed for children
London fire toll reaches 30 dead amid warnings the count could still rise
Turkey's prime minister slams protest by opposition leader
"Latest Italy transport strike sparks outrage, traffic chaos"
"FIFA targets gay slurs by Chile, Mexico fans in Russia"
Q&A: US looks to troop surge to win Afghan war
UN envoy: Cyprus leaders aim for peace deal in Switzerland
German government 'sad' Islamic group won't join peace march
The Health 202: Senate is straining to pass Obamacare overhaul in next 14 days
Congo opposition leader to return home to seek presidency
Why is virtual reality taking so long to take off?
Kenya official: Roadside bomb kills 4 people; 11 wounded
The Latest: Kenya official: Roadside bomb kills 4 in vehicle
The Daily 202: Prospect of Trump firing Mueller keeps becoming more untenable
The Energy 202: EPA's budget finds unexpected defenders in Congress
Amazon to buy Whole Foods Market in deal valued at $13.7 billion
Authorities left violent German alone with kids; he killed 2
5 Malaysians face murder charge over bullying death
The Latest: Report: Burned high-rise cladding was cheaper
The Latest: Coalition says 'would welcome' al-Baghdadi death
London fire may have destroyed DNA needed to ID victims
"It's not time for Trump to hit the panic button, but he might want to keep it handy"
Chinese police blame lone bomber for killing 8 at kindergarten gate
The Latest: Putin hears briefing on report of IS chief death
Full text: Trump transition team memo on keeping documents on Russia and the election
"Trump appears to confirm obstruction investigation, attack Rosenstein in morning tweet rant"
Court cuts Navalny's imprisonment by 5 days
The key questions raised by one 111-character Trump tweet
Which Trump associates have been caught up in the Russia investigation? A running list.
"Otto Warmbier is home, but questions about his time in North Korea abound"
"Key moments in Russia's campaign, involvement in Syrian war"
Djibouti says Eritrean soldiers occupy disputed area
"Polish ruling party tweets, then deletes anti-refugee remark"
5 police killed in rebel ambush in Indian-controlled Kashmir
Anger erupts in London fire neighborhood over renovations
"Katharine Graham was burned in effigy, but refused to give in during a violent strike"
"These are the best places to work in the D.C. area, according to employees"
Macron promotes pro-Europe views with other leaders in Paris
Qatar says blockade by Arab states is collective punishment
"Kellyanne Conway is pointing a finger at the media, after shooting"
"Guyana allows ExxonMobil, partners to start drilling for oil"
Kellyanne Conway is pointing a finger at the media after shooting
Amazon has a patent to keep you from comparison-shopping while you're in its stores
My trip to Cuba alongside a group of clowns
Amazon has a patent to keep you from comparison shopping while you're in its stores
Trump is telling his supporters to focus on the economy
"German political party: Helmut Kohl, the chancellor credited with German reunification, has died at 87"
Zinke moving dozens of senior Interior officials in shake-up
Scientists find a 400 percent increase in wildfire destruction in the Great Plains
"Trump is telling people to focus on the economy, so we did"
What the notorious flesh-eating Aghor religion of India is really like
The Latest: Councils in Britain order urgent safety reviews
French cold case: Relatives charged in boy's 1984 death
"EU, US to boost efforts to end visa row"
Lebanese parliament ratifies new electoral law
"Helmut Kohl, chancellor who reunited Germany, dies at 87"
"Trump's shadow, and stalled GOP agenda, loom large in close Georgia race"
"When it comes to baseball, the Democrats and Republicans are the Nats and the Brewers"
"Trump's shadow, and stalled GOP agenda, loom over close Georgia race"
"'Witch hunt, fake news, phony': Trump's defenses against the Russia probe"
Did Trump get big tax refunds after 2005?
Russia unveils psychic cat ahead of Confederations Cup
6 police killed in rebel ambush in Indian-controlled Kashmir
On GE and the myth of the CEO superhero
Germany opens its first liberal mosque in Berlin
Erdogan says Turkey offered to set up base in Saudi Arabia
"A new, automated guide to the future of Washington: The Trump Impeachment Index"
Did Trump just lay the groundwork to fire his special counsel?
Commerce Department cuts LGBT protections - then restores them-in equal opportunity policy statement
The Latest: London mayor criticizes UK PM May on tower fire
Timeline of Helmut Kohl's career
British Prime Minister Theresa May pledges 5 million pounds ($6.4 million) to help London tower fire victims
Anger erupts in London over tower's feared renovation flaws
Trump to announce revisions to parts of Obama's Cuba policy
Did Trump just lay the groundwork to fire the special counsel?
How both parties in Congress waste school officials' valuable time
Black women work hard but can't get ahead. This policy expert says tax cuts would help.
Wildfires used to be rare in the Great Plains. They've more than tripled in 30 years
The Latest: UK's May pledges $6.4 million for fire survivors
Alex Jones's overtly sexist campaign to discredit Megyn Kelly
Trump's shadow and stalled GOP agenda loom over close Georgia race
Congress is considering a bill that would expand Jeff Sessions' power to escalate the war on drugs
A how-to guide from the ultra-rich: What to tell your kids about money
From the A&#038;P to Amazon: The rise of the modern grocery store
The Federal Reserve needs to learn to love inflation
Rubio praises Trump's focus on Cuba
Black women work hard but can't get ahead. This expert says tax cuts would help.
"The Latest: Merkel: Kohl was ""right man at the right time"""
France: Activists seek Macron's help for new Calais migrants
"'They're rapists.' President's Trump campaign launch speech two years later, annotated"
Congress is considering a bill that would expand Jeff Sessions's power to escalate the war on drugs
Black women work hard but can't get ahead. This expert says conservatives have the solution.
Palestinian attackers killed after stabbing Israeli officer
Trump announces changes to Cuba policy
Trump announces revisions to parts of Obama's Cuba policy
"Trump's personal lawyer, Michael Cohen, hires his own lawyer in Russia probe"
Three worrisome trends in U.S. higher education
This EPA research program just got a rave scientific review. Trump wants to eliminate it.
Cosby jury still deliberating
Otto Warmbier's father denounces North Korea as his son is treated for a 'severe neurological injury'
"Germany's 'Chancellor of Reunification' left behind a lasting, and yet unfinished legacy"
"The Latest: H.W. Bush calls Kohl ""true friend of freedom"""
The Latest: Netanyahu: Kohl a great friend to Israel
Uncertainty over Islamic State leader's fate after airstrike
Mueller's team has over a century of experience at the Justice Department
So Congress is challenging the president about sanctions? That has a long history.
"Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein sees no reason to recuse himself from Russia probe, Justice Department says"
Education Department memo lays out Trump administration's approach to handling transgender students' civil rights complaints
Frustration and fury boil over in London as prime minister is heckled visiting fire victims
The Latest: Putin: Kohl played key role in ending Cold War
What does Trump's new Cuba policy mean for travel to island?
Brazilian sale of tear gas angers Venezuela opposition
Egypt police disburses small protests against islands deal
Memo lays out Trump administration's approach to handling transgender students' civil rights complaints
"Deputy AG Rosenstein sees no reason to recuse himself from Russia probe, Justice Dept. says"
"The Latest: Macron: Kohl was ""a visionary and a unifier"""
"53 years later, Australia leaves Cyprus peacekeeping force"
How 'Fat Leonard' bribed the Navy to get U.S. diplomatic immunity
People are worried Amazon will replace Whole Foods workers with robots
D.C. schools leader prepares to release systemwide plan for improvement
"Mosul's Old City waits for salvation amid 'death, death, death'"
"Otto Warmbier is home, but questions abound about his time in North Korea"
Minn. officer acquitted of manslaughter for shooting Philando Castile during traffic stop
Trump administration's approach to handling transgender students' civil rights complaints is described in memo
"This girl watched her London apartment burn, then took her chemistry exam"
Egypt police disburse small protests against islands deal
Palestinian attackers killed after killing Israeli officer
"The Latest: UN chief: Kohl ""instrumental"" in uniting Germany"
"Trump's new Cuba policy, explained"
"The Latest: James Baker: Kohl ""a ringing voice for freedom"""
"The Latest: Gorbachev: Kohl ""an outstanding person"""
A dog bite sent him to the ER. A cascade of missteps nearly killed him.
Former Ecuadorean president dubbed 'Crazy One' returns home
"Helmut Kohl, German statesman who united his country after Cold War, dies at 87"
Immigration battle lines deepen as Trump administration rescinds Obama proposal
Minn. officer acquitted of all charges in Philando Castile's death
This is what's going on with DAPA and DACA
AP FACT CHECK: Trump keeps much of Obama's Cuba policy
"If Trump never got off that escalator, where would he be now?"
U.S. Commission on Civil Rights to investigate civil rights enforcement under Trump
The right criticized Janet Yellen for years. Now the left says she's too far right.
FBI still looking for fugitive attorney who orchestrated $600 million government fraud
"Scalise was in 'imminent risk of death' when he arrived at hospital, doctor says"
Zinke moving dozens of senior Interior Department officials in shake-up
"For the first time, a D.C. charter school has voted to create a teachers' union"
"Two Sony executives join Apple, as tech giant ramps up original video"
"UN believes up to 150,000 civilians are trapped in Mosul"
Children of nonresident immigrants to get access to aid for D.C. college tuition
The Latest: US Navy ship collides with ship off Japan
"Scalise was in 'imminent risk of death' when he arrived at hospital, surgeon says"
Trump adds another lawyer to his Russia investigation team
'A dagger in my heart': Obama alums struggle to adjust to a Trumpian world
"Minn. officer acquitted in shooting of Philando Castile during traffic stop, dismissed from police force"
"The Latest: Report says 1 hurt, 7 missing from US Navy ship"
Japan broadcaster NHK says 7 U.S Navy ship members unaccounted for after collision with container ship off Japan
"Trump retains assets worth at least $1.4 billion, new disclosure shows"
From the battlefield to the classroom: Are veterans a solution to teacher shortage?
"In booming Old Havana tourist quarter, Trump speech puts Cubans in a bad mood"
Rubio's friendship with Trump blossoms even as he helps investigate the president's associates
The Latest: Coast Guard confirms 7 missing from US Navy ship
The Latest: IMF chief laments death of 'visionary' Kohl
"Vowing to return, Rodman wraps up low-key Pyongyang visit"
"Trump takes a Twitter swipe at deputy attorney general, a key figure in Russia probe"
"U.S. Navy destroyer collides with container ship near Japan, suffers damage"
"The Latest: Navy ship suffers damage, help deployed"
