Homebuilders aren't happy about the Republican tax plan
Chipotle still hasn't fixed its biggest problem (CMG)
GOP lawmaker blasts a key provision in the Republican tax plan as a 'geographical ...
"No matter what, do not break your iPhone X - repairing it will cost more than ever"
"Facebook, Twitter, and Google gave cryptic replies when asked about a potential form of ..."
A congressman once held a 10-inch knife to John Boehner's throat
Elon Musk said Tesla aims to start producing cars in China in 2020 (TSLA)
BP just beat the rest of big oil to a big milestone
Marissa Mayer and the current and former CEOs of Equifax will talk to senators about the ...
"IBM, Facebook, Twitter, Uber and over 100 other companies have jumped into a lawsuit fighting ..."
House Republicans are considering making their giant corporate tax cut temporary
"Tesla is burning through cash - and it could become a problem (TSLA, GM)"
Here's how some billionaire investors are responding to geopolitical chaos
The Ronald Reagan scrambled multiple fighter jets to escort Russian bombers away from the carrier
Sarah Huckabee Sanders says Trump doesn't remember Papadopoulos asking him about meeting with Putin
Uber bans far-right activist who complained about Muslim Uber drivers
Tesla fired 700 employees after performance reviews in the third quarter (TSLA)
Tiny startup Trip.com has been acquired by Chinese travel giant Ctrip - a move that could ...
The rocky start for the Republican tax reform bill is a troubling sign of things to come
Saudi Arabia needs $70 oil to break even
Jake Tapper slams Fox News for misrepresenting comments about New York City terror attack
Yuli Gurriel tips his helmet to Yu Darvish in first at bat against him since racist gesture
A gaming company just announced a high-powered smartphone geared for games - but its best ...
US pursues direct diplomacy with North Korea despite Trump's rejection
Twitter is finally showing growth - but it could be short lived (TWTR)
A grade school backed by Mark Zuckerberg is closing its Silicon Valley location after spending ...
How Obamacare is beginning to look a lot like Medicaid
IT IS GAME 7 OF THE WORLD SERIES! Here are the big plays and moments everybody will be talking about
A startup that raised $50 million to make a smarter version of Apple's AirPods has failed and ...
Uber and Lyft ban far-right activist who complained about Muslim Uber drivers
Healthcare companies are taking Amazon very seriously (AMZN)
"UPDATE: 2 people dead, 1 injured in Walmart shooting in Colorado"
The Dodgers lost Game 7 of the World Series when one of their biggest weaknesses returned
Carlos Correa proposed to his girlfriend during a live TV interview after the Astros won the ...
Trump calls for New York terror suspect to get death penalty
"Bitcoin soared above $6,900 despite strong regulatory warning from Securities and Exchange ..."
MLB legend David Ortiz had a fantastic reaction to seeing Carlos Correa propose to his ...
The World Series MVP may have never played baseball if not for a chance game of catch with a ...
How 'lone wolves' are drawn to ISIS
Digital hit list exposes how Russian hacking targeted Putin's political enemies
Conservative MP accused of sexually assaulting his aide in Westminster harassment scandal
"If you think Christmas music drives you mad, you could actually be right"
Gavin Williamson replaces Michael Fallon as Theresa May's new defence secretary
The next Federal Reserve chair has a far more difficult job than Yellen did
"Stock pickers are neglecting these 8 stocks (TIF, RHI, BF.B, PBCT, CINF, OKE, LEG, SCG)"
"Marketers say Snapchat is blowing past Facebook, Google and others when it comes to augmented ..."
2 YouTube stars chased each other around New York City on 'Star Wars' speeders - and the ...
"The best high school in America helped create the fast-growing AP program - but now, it ..."
Trump backs off sending NYC terrorist to 'Gitmo' but again pushes death penalty against legal advice
23 powerful men accused of sexual misconduct in the wake of Harvey Weinstein
"The world's biggest online shopping day is almost here, and it could crush Black Friday and ..."
Trump's tax plan could lead to billions of dollars flooding back to the US - here's what you ...
How one genius product feature got 1 million people to check out Zillow the day it launched - ...
Bill Ackman's Pershing Square has seen assets drop $1.6 billion in 5 months
South Korea warns North Korea is readying more tests after threatening to nuke the Pacific
"Ferrari matches Q3 expectations, but the stock is slipping ahead of markets open (RACE)"
The Great Pyramid of Giza is hiding a huge unexplored space - and scientists used cosmic rays ...
Here are a bunch of the political ads Russian trolls ran on Facebook (FB)
The time of day you eat is just as important as what you eat - a nutritionist explains
Here are some of the Russian Facebook ads meant to divide the US and promote Trump
Analysts are going crazy for Facebook after its Q3 earnings (FB)
"Blue Apron sales beat expectations, shares jump (APRN)"
Papa John's CEO loses millions after slamming NFL leadership (PZZA)
Tesla's Model X is like no other luxury crossover SUV - here's why (TSLA)
Hollywood director and producer Brett Ratner is suing a woman who says he raped her
Scientists are testing out how blood from young men could treat Alzheimer's
A new flagship phone from OnePlus is just around the corner - and it's keeping the headphone jack
Here's the cast of Disney's live-action 'The Lion King' and who they're playing
Pizza Hut owner CEO defies Papa John's by saying the NFL isn't hurting business (YUM)
"Privacy experts praise Apple's facial recognition technology, but worry about developer access ..."
Longer-form Facebook videos garner higher engagement (FB)
What marijuana really does to your body and brain
There's new evidence of how our DNA shapes depression and other disorders like it
The Fed has a forgotten role - and it will be critical in getting the US economy 'running on ...
A British town is going to burn a 36-foot effigy of Harvey Weinstein
Beyonce will be in Disney's live-action 'The Lion King' and fans are already thinking about ...
A 'digital hit list' and new DOJ findings offer the clearest evidence yet that Russia hacked the DNC
HSBC unveils robo-advisor plans
I went to the new restaurant that wants to become the 'McDonald's of pasta' - and they are ...
The only way to save money has always been the same - and you can't do it without making a ...
"Bridgewater, the world's largest hedge fund, faces a race against time to avoid a loss in its ..."
Caterpillar is embracing the IoT to improve productivity (CAT)
31-year-old Astros catcher who won his first World Series had a wild journey that included a ...
"The GOP tax bill kills a $7,500 electric-vehicle credit - and that's terrible news for Tesla ..."
Shop Nordstrom's big fall sale - and more of today's best deals from around the web
The $50 billion hedge fund cofounded by right-wing donor Bob Mercer has been crushing it
A look inside the marriage of world's richest couple Jeff and MacKenzie Bezos - who met at ...
Extended space travel squashes your brain and floods it with extra liquid
The GOP's tax plan could make it harder to get tax deductions for medical expenses
Former Trump campaign official who urged an adviser to meet with Russian officials has ...
5 idiot-proof houseplants that can live for weeks without water
"Deadly USS McCain crash not caused by cyberattack, just confused sailors"
Adolf Hitler's 3-mile-long Nazi getaway is now a luxury resort - here are 6 insane facts about it
The directors behind 'The Girlfriend Experience' explain their radical approach to season 2
The investment chief at the world's first tax-reform ETF tells us how to trade Trump's plan
What it's like to fly on North Korea's one-star airline
Tokyo assembled an elegant all-female police squad to protect Ivanka Trump
The companies most likely to benefit from the GOP tax plan are rallying
MLB and Fox hit the jackpot again with another strong Game 7 TV rating
Mark Cuban has invested more than $1 million in a Harvard grad's company that builds video ...
A cringeworthy clip of Brett Ratner and Serena Williams is making the rounds online following ...
There's a place at the bottom of the Pacific Ocean where hundreds of giant spacecraft go to die
"Papa John's and Pizza Hut have ignited a fierce political war that's polarizing America (PZZA, YUM)"
Snoop Dogg's new album cover features him standing over Trump's dead body
The group that represents America's small businesses slams the new GOP tax bill
Ferrari's CEO wants to make 2 big changes that would completely change the company (RACE)
Here's how your take-home pay could change if Trump's new tax plan is passed
Final minute of a game between 2 of the best teams in the NBA so far turns into hilarious calamity
"DiGiorno Pizza just roasted Papa John's after the chain's CEO slammed the NFL, implying its ..."
GOP tax bill aims to let churches take political positions without losing tax-exempt status
"All 25 James Bond movies, ranked from worst to best"
The best Black Friday deals Amazon shoppers can get starting today
One of the best bars in the world just opened in New York City - and its out-of-this-world ...
"LA homeowners are making up to $36,000 a day renting their houses to TV shows"
All the people who made at least $10 billion so far this year
Everyone asks me the same question about spending 4 days with Tony Robbins - here's what I ...
An anonymous man has alleged that Kevin Spacey had a sexual relationship with him when he was ...
Jerome Powell's Fed tenure is unlikely to be a smooth sail
Richard Branson remembers the time he let a helicopter drag him across Sydney Harbor by bungee ...
The GOP tax plan doesn't touch your 401(k) - and that's a huge opportunity to build wealth
AI and security were among the top trends discussed at Money20/20
This doctor refused to spy on the West for Iran - and he was sentenced to death for it
America's options in Niger: Join forces to reduce tensions or fan the flames
Trump plays it safe with Fed chair pick choosing Jerome Powell to replace Janet Yellen
"Yes, the 'Sunday Scaries' are real - but there's an easy way to get over them"
A Gitmo judge has ordered a Marine general to be confined after a dispute over surveillance in ...
Non-smokers at this Japanese company get 6 extra vacation days for not taking smoke breaks
Bartenders reveal why they look down on anyone who orders shots of top-shelf liquor
I'm a sex and relationships 'expert' who's always felt like a fraud - but it's taught me that ...
Gretchen Carlson's advice for her twenty-year-old self
Rick Perry argued that more fossil fuels could reduce sexual assault in Africa
The worst days to travel around Thanksgiving
Facebook is looking into calls to cut off Breitbart from its ad network (FB)
The pizza industry is coming together to slam Papa John's after its CEO blamed NFL players' ...
HPE has shrunk so much it's abandoning its iconic Palo Alto campus to move in with a company it ...
An 87-year-old scientist may have just unlocked the secret to growing rice in saltwater
This smart mattress tracks your sleep habits and heats up your bed on cold nights - and ...
Ukraine wants to question Paul Manafort - but says requests to the US have gone unanswered
