Turkey says it has completed the purchase of Russia's advanced missile-defense system
Acting DHS chief denies White House pressured her to rescind immigration protections
Marine drill instructor sentenced to 10 years behind bars for abusing recruits
Trump suggested softening the US stance toward Russia and easing sanctions
$34 billion hedge fund Elliott Management declares all the ingredients for a crash are there
US steps up campaign against Al Shabab and ISIS with 3 drone strikes in Somalia in 24 hours
Dozens killed after massive earthquake hits near the border of Iraq and Iran
How the American dream turned into greed and inequality
Conservatives are more susceptible to believing lies - but not because they're stupid
Turkey denies report of a $15 million plot involving Michael Flynn to deliver wanted Turkish cleric
Ford is teaming up with a Chinese automaker to build electric cars in China (F)
Conservatives are posting videos of themselves smashing their Keurigs to smithereens amid ...
Green Beret killed by strangulation reportedly turned down illegal money from Navy SEALs
Longtime New York gossip columnist Liz Smith dead at 94
The president of the Philippines sang a song for world leaders 'on the orders of US President ...
Snapchat's latest feature converts its lenses and filters into shopping vehicles - and fixes ...
Trump says he has 'great relationship' with Philippines' Duterte
The South China Sea requires 'peaceful cooperation' says Southeast Asian nations
Alibaba's shopping holiday that's bigger than Black Friday and Cyber Monday combined just ...
Bill Gates commits $100 million to fight Alzheimer's
North Korean soldier shot by his own military while running to freedom across the DMZ
More than 300 dead in earthquake along Iran and Iraq's border as landslides hinder rescue efforts
Trump makes friends by putting America first and ignoring human rights in Asia
ESPN is hoping to revive SportsCenter with two daily shows on Snapchat featuring hosts like ...
General Electric slashes its dividend by 50% (GE)
The internet is loving Trump's latest awkward handshake from his Asia trip
"10 things you need to know before the opening bell (SPY, SPX, QQQ, DIA, BABA)"
GE is falling after announcing a dividend cut and business restructure (GE)
Disney's Media Networks business stalls in latest quarter (DIS)
The US Navy just showed North Korea its worst nightmare with 3 aircraft carriers and bombers in ...
13 famous father and son duos who have been in movies together
Spanish leader condemns possible Russian meddling in Catalonia independence fight
Former White House press secretary reveals 3 things 20-somethings need to know to plan an ...
A retired Navy SEAL commander who wakes up at 4:30 a.m. shares his morning routine
12 simple hacks that will make hosting Thanksgiving easier and cheaper
"Qualcomm rejects Broadcom's $105 billion takeover attempt, stalling the largest tech deal ever ..."
This 'Walking Dead' actor put a rock in his shoe to make his injury look more realistic
'You are the light': Watch controversial Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte serenade Trump ...
5 details you may have missed on Sunday's episode of 'The Walking Dead'
General Electric just slashed its dividend - and that could save its stock from free-fall (GE)
Brookfield wants to buy mall-owner GGP for $14.8 billion as the retail apocalypse intensifies
The US's most secretive intelligence agency was embarrassingly robbed and mocked by anonymous ...
"What a $500,000 home looks like in 15 major cities across America"
Social video app Musical.ly acquired for up to $1 billion
You've been blowing your nose all wrong - here's how you should do it
Parents are furious after an Amazon ad 'kills Christmas' by implying Santa isn't real (AMZN)
Trump could do one thing to make the Fed reconsider raising interest rates
Stunning new photos show the faces of animals on the verge of extinction
Comedian Marc Maron says Louis C.K. lied to him about the sexual misconduct rumors
There could soon be a new way to bet on the rise of blockchain
Roger Goodell's contract demands reportedly include $50 million per year and a private jet
The best men's bathrobes you can buy
I tried a new fitness app that charges you for every minute you spend at the gym - here's ...
"Trump weighs in on Republicans' tax bills, possibly throwing a monkey wrench into their plan"
17 of the most outrageous Christmas light displays across America
Alibaba is slipping despite a record-setting Singles Day (BABA)
"Trump lauds the special treatment he got in Asia: 'It was red carpet like nobody, I think, has ..."
2 US Navy SEALs suspected of killing an Army Green Beret could face death penalty
"Bill Gates just bought 25,000 acres in Arizona to build a new 'smart city'"
How to get an entire row to yourself on your next flight
9 things wedding guests actually care about
Joe Biden went on NBC's morning shows and teased a 2020 presidential run
General Electric's turnaround plan has investors dumping the stock (GE)
"The secret to success is mastering two skills, according to the first American woman to win the ..."
I took a neuroscientist's advice for saving money and it's transformed my finances
Watch 'Game of Thrones' actor Jason Momoa channel his inner Drogo again by speaking Dothraki in ...
Keurig CEO apologizes for 'taking sides' as conservatives smash its machines to defend Sean Hannity
Republicans are kicking their tax reform push into high gear
NFL owners have reportedly discussed a 'nuclear option' that would force Jerry Jones to sell ...
Warner Bros. says the viral story of Gal Gadot refusing to be in 'Wonder Woman 2' if Brett ...
"There are 1.9 billion stolen passwords and usernames available on the black market, and up to ..."
Sperry is having a big sale on boat shoes - and more of today's best deals from around the web
"Jon Gruden says he may return to coaching, and 2 teams appear to be the most likely destinations"
"In a break from Obama-era policy, Trump is sending US troops closer to the fighting in Afghanistan"
Conservatives are smashing their Keurigs amid the Hannity controversy - but K-Cups have been ...
McConnell says he believes Roy Moore's accusers and calls for him to step aside from Senate race
It looks like Janet Yellen issued a point by point rebuke of Donald Trump - without ever ...
Photos reveal extreme damage after a magnitude 7.3 earthquake hit Iraq and Iran
I visited Zara's cheaper sister store that just opened in the US - and it was the shopping ...
The Cleveland Cavaliers rode the New York City subway instead of taking a 45-minute bus ride
17 celebrity siblings who stayed out of the spotlight
Apple will release 3 new iPhones next year - including a super-sized iPhone X (AAPL)
"From Keurig-smashing to NFL-jersey-burning, here are some of the most high-profile protests ..."
"Another senior executive is leaving Uber - this time a top official in India, its second ..."
Trump asked the Chinese government to intervene in the case involving UCLA basketball players ...
18 movie and TV co-stars who didn't get along
Facebook is killing its standalone Snapchat clone in Messenger and putting the feature ...
Nvidia's GPU sales drive Q3 (NVDA)
Shaq has a simple piece of advice for NBA players who don't want to lose their millions
The Air Force honored the victims of the Las Vegas shooting in a high-flying air show
New charges filed in horrifying 'Gauntlet' death after video shows frat brothers allegedly ...
No one wants to buy the Obamas' former vacation rental on Martha's Vineyard
Check out Emirates' new Mercedes-Benz first class luxury suites
LeBron James and the Knicks are in a war of words after James criticized their draft decision
5 things you should know if you're flying private for the first time
"Amazon officially announced it's making a 'Lord of the Rings' TV series, as it searches for an ..."
"Senate GOP tax bill would increase taxes for 16 million taxpayers in 2019, according to new analysis"
"The College Football Playoff picture is clearing up, but 2 spots are still a mystery"
Here's what the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade looked like the year you were born
THE DAM IS BREAKING: Top Republican floats expelling Roy Moore from Senate immediately if he wins
11 entrepreneurs and execs share the best lessons they learned from their first jobs
"Carbon emissions are starting to rise again, dashing hopes that we'd hit the peak"
Ebay is undercutting its competitors' Black Friday prices before the holiday
The largest basic income experiment in history just launched in Kenya
The amount of ether frozen in digital wallets is worth $162 million - which is less than ...
Roku's stock has more than doubled since its first earnings report - making its founder a ...
7 reasons why the Pixel 2 is better than the iPhone X
GE GETS SLAMMED: Here's what you need to know
Watching zippers get made is way more exciting than you realized
A clip of George Takei talking about persuading men who are 'afraid' to have sex is circulating ...
"One of the few Wall Street analysts bearish on Nvidia reverses course, saying his call 'did not ..."
"13 photos of the Su-57, Russia's first stealth fighter that can outmaneuver the F-22 Raptor"
A real insect was found trapped in a classic Van Gogh masterpiece
How the 'Stranger Things' characters have changed since season one
"Bill Belichick had a funny way of convincing the Patriots' newly acquired, injured tight end to ..."
4 US soldiers wounded after an IED attack in Afghanistan
China may have peaked - and the world should prepare
Tesla just got hit with a lawsuit claiming its factory is a hotbed of racist behavior
People on the right and left are forcing companies to take a stand in the Trump era - and ...
"The best consoles, games, and accessories for the gamer on your list"
The Army has started giving waivers for mental-health conditions to attract more recruits
LinkedIn's CEO surprised an employee with a selfie at her desk while she was away on vacation (MSFT)
Female celebrities are sharing photos of themselves at 14 in light of sexual misconduct ...
18 transparent companies you can feel great shopping at this holiday season
Subway rider who got annoyed by being filmed by LeBron James says James nearly elbowed him and ...
How to use a slow cooker to make your whole Thanksgiving dinner
"YouTube has wiped its archives of Anwar al-Awlaki, whose videos helped groom US terrorists"
Apple could give shareholders a huge dividend if tax reform actually happens
"Meet the PopSocket, a handy gadget that's taking the smartphone accessory market by storm"
Walmart just struck another deal that confirms the death of America's middle class as we know ...
Top 10 waiver-wire pickups for Week 11 in your fantasy football league
Most people never live first-class lives - and it's thanks to the all-too-common choices they make
The Taliban is using night-vision goggles to mount a wave of deadly attacks in Afghanistan
The master's degrees that will earn you the most money
