Republicans are pointing fingers in every direction after embarrassing election-night annihilation
Salesforce CEO Marc Benioff bashes Microsoft: 'They just can't keep that management team in ...
Apple says the FBI has not asked for any help unlocking the Texas gunman's iPhone (AAPL)
SpaceX's next-generation rocket engine exploded during a key test on Saturday
Trump's tax cuts will only temporarily boost the economy - and send debt skyrocketing
Iran warns Saudi Arabia: The US and Israel are not your friends
We just got our clearest sign yet that the 2018 elections could be a Democratic 'tsunami' ...
Chinese journalists just got a reminder of their propaganda role
Republicans are worried about 2018 after the Democrats' Election Day massacre this week
Voters just sent a clear signal about Obamacare - and it could be a sign of more to come
CBO warns that repeal of individual mandate would increase the number of uninsured Americans by ...
The populations of Europe and the Americas are aging at an incredibly rapid rate
The mystery behind why Rand Paul's neighbor attacked him is deepening
Former Bush ethics chief says the Justice Department's demands to Time Warner on AT&T deal ...
"Legal experts doubt the Justice Department could block the AT&T, Time Warner merger over CNN"
There's a term for people born in the early 80's who don't feel like a millennial or Gen Xer
"A German Alexa owner returned home to find his Amazon device had started a 'party' at 2am, ..."
US oil exports have hit record levels
A programmer is building a chatbot that will let you sue anyone
"Marc Benioff relies on these monks for guidance - here are their tips for holding better, ..."
Snap is pulling in about $1.17 in revenue per user - far less than Facebook was seeing right ...
Why the numbers aren't adding up for the Republican tax bill
Experts are missing the point on America's housing affordability problem
"Egypt pledged support for ""wise"" Saudi Arabia in its standoff with Iran"
On-board computers and sensors could stop the next car-based attack
Why the state and local tax deduction actually makes the system fairer
Michael Flynn is reportedly worried his son could get wrapped up in the Russia investigation
Stocks slide amid worries that the GOP tax plan may be delayed
John Kelly reportedly pressured the Homeland Security chief to end Honduran immigrants' ...
Disney tried to hide the Millennium Falcon with shipping containers - but it's on Google Maps
Wall Street trading giant Virtu cut staff by half and laid in to a $1. ...
"This restaurant wants to make cheap, fast-food pasta the next big thing - but it still has a ..."
Trump's plan to handicap Obamacare seems to have backfired as early sign-ups set new record
Save $30 on your first Home Chef meal kit - and more of today's best deals from around the web
"I worked at SpaceX, and this is how Elon Musk inspired people to work 12-hour days in the ..."
NFL insider: I think Jerry Jones wants to take control of the league
Russian Twitter trolls tried to bury or spin negative Trump news just before the election
Roku is up more than 45% the day after its bombshell first-ever earnings report as a public ...
Apple bought a startup that could make the iPhone X's amazing camera even better (AAPL)
Boston radio host under fire for calling Roy Halladay a 'moron' who 'got what he deserved' ...
"Our smartphone obsession looks a lot like the obesity epidemic, MIT psychologist says"
Uber CEO on SoftBank deal: 'It hasn't happened yet but it will'
Jeff Bezos teaches his kids math with a strategy that's made Chinese and Singaporean students ...
Roger Goodell is reportedly 'furious' about a major adjustment to his next contract with the NFL
The folks behind 'Grand Theft Auto' are about to launch a new game on the Nintendo Switch - ...
A second woman has accused 'Gossip Girl' star Ed Westwick of rape
House Republicans just made some enormous last minute changes to their tax bill - here's what ...
The Kia Niro hybrid is one of the best cars on the market right now
The top Black Friday deals you can get at Best Buy right now
US smartphone shipments dip in Q3 (AAPL)
You'll never be able to wake up earlier if you keep overlooking a simple principle
"A European company you've never heard of has quietly acquired Panera, Au Bon Pain, and Krispy ..."
AT&T CEO: We're under no pressure from Trump's DOJ to sell CNN
"World leaders like Trump, Putin, and Trudeau will be meeting at this luxurious Vietnamese ..."
A retired Navy SEAL commander who sometimes goes 72 hours without food explains the diet ...
Mark Cuban: My wife 'asked me if I want to stay married' when I brought up running for president
My secret to being happier and more successful is a question I ask myself every day
Here are the top 5 banks offering the mobile banking features consumers say they want most
The Senate is set to debut its own enormous tax bill - and it has some significant ...
The best Black Friday deals from Macy's that we know so far
Woman claims that controversial GOP Senate candidate initiated a sexual encounter with her when ...
The cruelest idea in the GOP tax bill is still in there
The best cheap phones you can buy unlocked on Amazon
An Under Armour co-founder is selling his rustic getaway for $13.5 million - take a look inside
"I'm a financial planner, and there are 5 things I tell my clients who want to invest in real estate"
"Despite the failed merger with T-Mobile, Sprint is planning a come back (S, TMUS)"
"Sen. Al Franken is doubtful Facebook, Google, and Twitter can police their sites - and is ..."
You can book a $355 round-trip flight to Europe right now
The House GOP tax bill just cleared a huge hurdle
It increasingly looks like Lebanon's prime minister is being held against his will by Saudi Arabia
The group that represents America's small businesses reverses its position on the new GOP tax bill
The Lakers may sacrifice one of their best players to pursue a plan next summer that could ...
A high-profile Uber investor who was arrested for alleged sexual assault in London insists he's ...
Nvidia is about to release its earnings (NVDA)
Learn to escape quicksand off the coast of this French island
"THE BOTTOM LINE: The Trump trade, Tesla's big problem, and a chat with BlackRock's bond chief"
Russia has serious ambitions for military robotics
GOP Senate nominee attempts to preempt bombshell sexual misconduct report by leaking news to ...
An Incredibles rollercoaster and more Pixar-themed attractions are coming to Disneyland in 2018
The list of athletes who have made more money than Roger Goodell is short
The Audi Q5 is one of the most high-tech SUVs you can buy - here are its best features
It's not the existence of Facebook that affects your mental health - it's how you use it
NBC to use the 'Madden Cam' for an upcoming 'Thursday Night Football' game
The Department of Defense is sending more troops to Afghanistan than previously planned
An Alabama politician compared Roy Moore's alleged encounter with a 14-year-old girl to Mary ...
There's one part of the Trump trade that's still crushing it
HP Enterprise took a Quartz ad and turned it into a news bot (HPE)
A prize-winning image shows a mob setting an elephant mother and calf on fire
The military reportedly used a fake news story on Edward Snowden's death to test its cybersecurity
Switching two words makes it easier to get through a tough conversation
These are the best Black Friday deals Walmart is offering right now
Why supermarkets have so few windows
"We now know who makes the $14,000 chairs on Apple's new campus (AAPL)"
Decaf coffee isn't actually caffeine-free - here's how much caffeine you're really drinking
The first person to investigate the DNC hacks said Russia wouldn't do anything with the stolen ...
Richard Branson wrote a letter to his 10-year-old self - and anyone can use his advice for success
A clip of Louis C.K. talking about masturbation is being shared online following sexual ...
The best gifts for your favorite host and hostess
Disney stock tumbles after missing earnings expectations (DIS)
RT editor-in-chief: US affiliate of Russia Today will register as a foreign agent
Comedian Tig Notaro said she felt 'trapped' by her association with Louis C.K. ...
