The inventor of Microsoft's Hololens has left his job at Apple
9 warm and comfortable cold-weather boots that also happen to be vegan
10 of the biggest off-camera scandals in 'Bachelor' history
Tulsi Gabbard accuses NBC of trying to smear her as 'Kremlin stooge' to 'discredit' her 2020 ...
More than 10 million 'Fortnite' players logged on to watch a 10-minute concert over the ...
"We tested the recipes from Nestle, Hershey's, and Ghirardelli chocolate chip packages, and the ..."
10 vegan winter coats for women that don't compromise on warmth
Anthony Davis' league-shaking trade request has thrown a wrench in the Celtics' master plan
The UK government offered Nissan $100 million over Brexit worries
Michelob Ultra's Super Bowl ad used ASMR triggers to sell beer. ...
"The rise of Satya Nadella, the CEO who totally turned Microsoft around in 5 years and made it ..."
Flickr will start deleting all of your photos starting tomorrow. Here's how to save them.
China and Taiwan are waging war online with these dueling military propaganda videos
These cold brew coffee shots give me my daily caffeine fix in just 2 ounces - and I love ...
How an artist built a sculpture that expands as you walk through it
Kate Middleton brought an adorable family photo with her to a school show-and-tell
France fires nuclear-capable missile in a rare show as Russia and US feud over arms treaty
5 surprisingly helpful uses for Alexa right now
"The US State Department spent $84,375 on a Bob Dylan sculpture during the government shutdown"
"IUD and implant insertions jumped 22% after Trump's election in 2016, and it may not be a ..."
Trump didn't bother to tell his top general in the Middle East that he was going to pull troops ...
A photographer asked teenagers to edit their photos until they thought they looked 'social ...
This man's family vanished in China's most oppressed region. ...
Insiders reveal why Starbucks' former CEO Howard Schultz is willing to ruin his life to run for ...
"This Girl Scout changed the words to Cardi B's 'Money' to boost her cookie sales, and her ..."
These are the top five trends shaping the future of digital health
25 indispensable desk accessories we use to stay focused and comfortable at work
"Salma Hayek posted a photo showing off her gray hair, and said she is 'proud' of not dyeing it"
27 fast-food menu items from US chains that you find in Japan
Nancy Pelosi loves to quote a Bible verse that isn't actually in the Bible at all
"Oprah is interviewing Beto O'Rourke on Tuesday, but he probably won't announce whether he's ..."
The best mesh Wi-Fi systems you can buy
Earth's north magnetic pole is on the move - here's what will happen when our poles flip
Netflix's new hit show 'Russian Doll' started with a phone call from Amy Poehler 7 years ago
