"These maps show record high temperatures in June, as scientists predict July could be the ..."
Trump's campaign takes a swipe at 'liberal paper straws' and sells Trump straws for $15
From 'manholes' to 'maintenance holes': Berkeley votes to replace gender-specific words
Here's the new Marine Corps weapon that just destroyed an Iranian drone
"'When they do provocative things, they're going to be met with provocation': Lindsey Graham ..."
45 of the biggest differences between the 'Lion King' remake and the animated movie
The top trends and technologies impacting consumer transit and the supply chain
Protests in Puerto Rico show no sign of stopping as thousands take to the streets demanding ...
This shop sells over 20 flavors of rice pudding
"New Jersey judge resigns after controversial ruling in sexual assault case, saying the teen ..."
Dr. Pimple Popper drained an orange-sized lump that was growing on the back of a woman's thigh ...
Trump says a US warship destroyed an Iranian drone that flew dangerously close
"Trump nominates Eugene Scalia, son of Supreme Court Judge Antonin Scalia, as labor secretary"
Here's the star-studded cast of the 'Cats' movie and who they're playing
From Netflix's big flub to Microsoft's cloud attack: Here's the roundup of takeaways and ...
Trump says 'we have bigger problems than plastic straws'
6 tips for keeping your pet safe during a heat wave
"Photos capture how Elizabeth Warren became an academic, a US Senator, and a leading Democratic ..."
20 stylish pairs of men's sneakers you can get your hands on during the Nordstrom Anniversary Sale
The first trailer for 'The Walking Dead' season 10 is here and it teases a Carol and Alpha showdown
"When I stopped buying plastic to go green, I ended up slicing my grocery bill in half"
A gas station clerk was fired after he told a group of Latina women to 'go back to their country'
This robotic farm uses 90% less water than traditional farming
The first and last outfits of 10 characters on 'Friends'
"Hundreds of teachers are preparing for 'Train a Teacher Day,' where they'll learn how to ..."
American Airlines and the Australian airline Qantas received DOT approval to operate a joint venture
25 women's fashion deals you don't want to miss out on during Nordstrom's Anniversary Sale
Stocks end the week lower amid rising tensions in the Middle East
"There's a reason legendary butcher Pat LaFreida endorsed this $1,200 at-home overhead grill - ..."
"Sweden is keeping rapper A$AP Rocky in custody for 6 more days, but Trump says he's going to ..."
