"Senators were shocked to learn the US has 1,000 troops in Africa - but the Pentagon just said ..."
Uber whistleblower Susan Fowler already sold her movie ... and she's working on a book
The Air Force and US Strategic Command say they aren't planning to put nuclear bombers on ...
Top 10 waiver-wire pickups for Week 8 in your fantasy football league
Tech evangelist Robert Scoble has resigned from his VR startup after several women accused him ...
"Three years after it launched, Apple Pay is finally starting to gain traction with retailers"
'We're there because ISIS and Al-Qaeda are': The Pentagon gives new details on Niger ambush
China's Xi Jinping is officially its most powerful leader since Mao
Energy giant bets on battery breakthrough within the next 5 years
Online holiday shopping is poised to beat in-store sales for the first time ever - and it's ...
Ad agency network Y&R is launching a pilot program for people with career breaks in ...
Here are the weirdest food inventions from the decade you were born
Another top executive is leaving Amazon Studios
"Gold Star family receives $25,000 personal check from Trump - signed on the same day as a ..."
"Jet.com has started making its own household basics, and it's selling them for really low prices"
How IKEA used affordable and innovative designs to transform homes
A startup that wants to be the iOS of Wall Street has made 2 big hires
You can now get a Chevy Bolt at dealerships throughout the US (GM)
"Why Austin, Texas is Amazon's best choice for its $5 billion HQ2, according to the data"
Here's how millennials are trading AMD ahead of earnings (AMD)
McDonald's earnings match estimates as promos drive US growth (MCD)
A nonprofit focused on the 1.25 million Americans with type 1 diabetes is pushing a new way to ...
Caterpillar beats on earnings and raises 2017 forecast as demand soars (CAT)
"General Motors beats on earnings, shares rise (GM)"
"Inside the market for dead humans, where 'donated' bodies from low-income families sell for millions"
The dollar is hovering amid a 'palpable sense of anticipation'
Toshiba is exploring its options in case the $18 billion sale of its chip unit doesn't close on time
Tillerson looks ready to call out Myanmar for 'ethnic cleansing' of Rohingya Muslims
A company that's taking a new approach to tackling Alzheimer's just landed a $225 million ...
Here's a first look at the Boeing 787 Dreamliner that will connect Europe and Australia
A YouTuber whose dad works at Apple just gave us the best look at the iPhone X yet (AAPL)
The firm behind the Trump-Russia dossier says disclosing its bank records poses an 'existential ...
The US is touting its military ties to the Philippines even as Rodrigo Duterte courts Russia ...
The fashion differences between Ivanka and Melania Trump reveal the truth about their political ...
One of New York's most iconic department stores will sell its flagship location to WeWork
BANK OF AMERICA: 2 charts show why ripping up NAFTA won't solve Trump's biggest issues with the deal
Tim Cook on iPhone X shortages: 'We'll see what happens' (AAPL)
Porsche's 911 T shows a drastic return to the car company's roots
These are the best New York City restaurants where you can eat for under $40
Apple says to line up early at stores if you want an iPhone X (AAPL)
Amazon is reportedly killing its wine business after legal difficulties following its Whole ...
This is the email Megyn Kelly sent to Fox executives amid Bill O'Reilly's sexual harassment scandal
Climate change has cost the US government $350 billion since 2007 - and that's just the ...
Republicans may be planning to slash the amount of pre-tax cash you can put in your 401K - ...
Amazon Studios exec investigated earlier this year for his 'behavior toward women' departs the ...
GOLDMAN SACHS: There are only 50 stocks in the world that are perfect for this environment
Biogen's profit beat Wall Street's expectations because of one key drug (BIIB)
Tesla just unveiled its first battery project in Puerto Rico that will restore power to a ...
JPMorgan Chase launches digital-only bank (JPM)
A meaningless circus dunk by the Warriors in a blowout led to tension between the teams after ...
Ivanka Trump and her husband are secretly awesome matchmakers who say they're responsible for 7 ...
The White House pledges to go on the record more with reporters amid Trump's war on anonymous ...
Snapchat turns to programmatic ads for Shows (SNAP)
The underground 'Thirsty House' could battle droughts by collecting and filtering rainwater to drink
"Pollution is killing more people than wars, obesity, smoking, and malnutrition"
Bitcoin is sliding after bitcoin gold goes live
Here's everything coming to Netflix in November that you need to watch
Photographer Terry Richardson is banned from working with Vogue over sexual exploitation allegations
"'Twitter this, Twitter that, forget about it': Paul Ryan dodges questions on escalating ..."
Snap is slipping after demand for its much-hyped Spectacles wanes (SNAP)
These 5 tips for resolving even the most heated fights could save troubled marriages
I spent a day trying to pay for things with bitcoin and a bar of gold
Delphi just acquired a startup born out of MIT for $400 million
LinkedIn is considering a push into original content (LNKD)
"The Browns traded away the pick that became Carson Wentz, and it looks like more of a disaster ..."
8 'Amazon-proof' businesses that are defying the retail apocalypse
The biggest roadblock for Trump's tax plan could be Trump himself
The 20 best winter vacations to take this year
McDonald's is finally planning to roll out a replacement for the Dollar Menu - and it could ...
The Dow surges 200 points after strong earnings from Caterpillar and 3M
The US government is investigating another near disaster involving Air Canada in San Francisco
Hulu CEO leaves to head up Sony TV
McDonald's made 6 major changes that totally turned business around (MCD)
Senator Bob Corker slams Trump and says he has 'great difficulty with the truth'
Embattled House Intel chair launches probe into US-Russia uranium deal implicating Hillary Clinton
"IBM, Amazon & Microsoft are offering their blockchain technology as a service"
Target and other retailers are using lease agreements to throw a wrench into Amazon's plans for ...
I spent a year trying to buy an apartment in New York City - and it's just as bad as you've heard
ClassPass is so much cheaper than a gym membership - and it will motivate you to work out more too
The stock market is vulnerable to an 'overdue fragility event' - here's how to protect yourself
We compared McDonald's 'better chicken' to Chick-fil-A's - and the winner is obvious
Republicans are getting ready to hand Equifax a huge present
Harvey Weinstein's former assistant breaks gag agreement and reveals how he covered up alleged ...
2 top Republicans just rolled out a competing Obamacare fix that looks a lot like repeal
Huawei Watch 2 Pro takes on China
Trump asked GOP senators for a show of hands on who he should pick as the next Fed chair
"Anti-Trump GOP Sen. Jeff Flake will not seek reelection, saying it would require him to condone ..."
McDonald's 'mirror of Starbucks' is revolutionizing the chain's business - here's how (MCD)
I'm a college professor - here's what happened when I made my students turn off their phones ...
10 accessories to help you get the most out of the Instant Pot
9 common questions about negotiating salary that will help you get paid what you want
There's a hole in the theory that the 'Amazon effect' is keeping US inflation down
A Republican senator brought popcorn to a meeting with Trump and Corker after the pair's ...
Apple's new premium leather case for the $999 iPhone X costs $99 (AAPL)
Customer service and virtual assistant bots will be prevalent for online businesses in many markets
"The 50 most popular Halloween costumes this year, according to Google"
I tried the popular Silicon Valley diet credited with boosting energy and prolonging life - ...
31 photos that show the destruction of Hurricane Sandy 5 years ago
Protester throws Russian flags at Trump as he walks through the Senate
The best dog food bowls you can buy
The story behind the mocked 2014 Sports Illustrated cover that predicted the woeful Astros ...
UBS: Chipotle's queso infuriated some customers-and the company may not bounce back (CMG)
"San Francisco's housing market is so out of control, a home has sold for nearly $1 million over ..."
John McCain is backing a digital transparency bill that probably would've gotten his 2008 ...
The Pixel 2 XL's camera makes the iPhone 8 Plus' camera seem flawed
22-year-old Giannis Antetokounmpo has become the scariest player in the NBA and looks like the ...
US troops were reportedly chasing a high-value target when they were ambushed in Niger
There's a legal loophole that's preventing most sexual harassment cases from seeing the light ...
"Sonos' new speaker is just as smart as Amazon's Echo, and it sounds a lot better"
"US troops have mixed views on Trump, and 30% of them see white nationalism as a significant danger"
The Dodgers used $277 million and a series of smart trades to build one of the best teams ever
"Microsoft is now trying to use Google's secret cloud weapon against it (MSFT, GOOG, GOOGL, AWS)"
