Texas executes man convicted of murdering guard with shank
4 ways introverts can network successfully
Ivanka Trump had a 'punk phase' in the 1990s
"North Carolina prison on lockdown, several employees injured"
The lithium bubble is just a myth
How a homemade tool helped North Korea's missile program
Aerial photos reveal the shocking damage of California's deadliest wildfire on record
Dental fillings for your cavities could soon be a thing of the past
Clemson's new $55 million football complex shows how swanky college football facilities have become
"Amazon, even more than Google, has corporate America talking (AMZN, GOOGL, FL, MSFT)"
A deadly weapon against US troops reappeared in Iraq
Here's the real reason 'two Mexicos' exist
The computers have correctly predicted 62% of the NFL games - here are their picks for Week 6
"A woman in Japan showed off the hospital food she got after giving birth, and people can't ..."
"GitHub, the 'Facebook for programmers,' has quietly built up an enterprise business that ..."
A family held by a Taliban-affiliated group for 5 years say they were 'defiled' and traumatized ...
A PayPal exec always tells job candidates exactly what he wants to hear before the interview ...
"Meet Robert Mueller, the former FBI director and tenacious investigator now leading the ..."
The wives of El Chapo's henchmen reveal how they hid and spent $2 billion
Vintage EPA photos reveal what New York City looked like before the US regulated pollution
The family held captive for 5 years in Pakistan is finally en route to Canada after initially ...
Tim Cook's iPhone X won't stay in his pocket (AAPL)
"Facebook will now let you order food from Chipotle, Five Guys, and more (FB)"
Trump says 'people don't talk about' Christmas 'anymore'
A comment from JR Smith shows the subtle difficulty of playing with LeBron James
"How to get the job you really want at your company, without putting your employment at risk"
The 13 best subreddits everyone should follow
The best pepper mills and salt grinders you can buy
Brick-and-mortar retailer apps need a boost
"Traders are betting big against gun stocks after the Las Vegas shooting (RGR, AOBC)"
There's a clear reason Democrats are so intent on saving the state and local tax deduction
This Russia-backed Facebook page was filled with hot-button phrases like 'illegal alien' and ...
The Clean Power Plan is among dozens of environmental rules that Trump is reversing - here ...
It looks like a US Navy armada will return to waters near North Korea
One ad executive estimates that the entire state of Michigan could have been swayed in the 2016 ...
Here's how easy it is for anyone - including Russian operatives - to target you with ads on ...
Mark Cuban says if he 'was single' he'd 'definitely be running' for president
"MORGAN STANLEY: Here are 20 companies that are best exposed to the growing space economy (QCOM, ..."
Microsoft and Amazon struck a brilliant partnership to take on Google in the next big thing for ...
SAVAGE: Burger King designed an ad using customers' tweets slamming Wendy's
"Brevan Howard, an $11 billion hedge fund, is betting on volatility in the world's most ..."
Baseball has never seen anything like the Nationals' baffling single-inning collapse to the Cubs
Here's a breakdown of what the Iran nuclear deal actually does
The Nationals lost the NLDS thanks in part to a controversial overturned call in the eighth inning
"Save big on apparel, shoes, and camping gear at REI - and more of today's best deals from ..."
A white South Carolina restaurant manager allegedly abused and enslaved a black worker
5 things that used to be basic manners - but people no longer do
The NCAA will not sanction UNC after an academic scandal - here's how a student-athlete got ...
"The best travel wallets to hold your passport, boarding pass, and other documents"
2 proteges from billionaire Steve Cohen's investment firm are gearing up for a big hedge fund ...
The person tasked with clearing government background checks said he's 'never seen that level ...
The woman behind decluttering trend 'Swedish death cleaning' asks a simple question to decide ...
How Trump's decision to end key payments throws a wrench into the heart of Obamacare
Celebrities are joining the #WomenBoycottTwitter protest following Rose McGowan's suspension
This Google engineer teaches his coworkers how to fly airplanes ... ...
Cryptocurrencies are 'in the 3rd inning' - and Wall Street is just getting started
7 important details you might have missed in the 'Stranger Things' season 2 trailer
NC State freshman basketball player ruled ineligible for season after less than a month of ...
Trump decertifies the Iran deal and threatens to end it altogether
Starbucks' Howard Schultz says he isn't running for president - but here's why the rumors ...
Jamie Dimon talks about bitcoin one day after saying 'I'm not going to talk about bitcoin anymore'
REPORT: Saudi Aramco is 'considering shelving plans for an IPO'
I played 15 hours of the blockbuster new 'Shadow of War' game - here's what it's like
Why wildfire season is getting longer and more destructive
Google is spending $1 billion on tech education to prepare people for an automated future
The father of the newly freed American woman held in captivity for 5 years lashes out at her husband
UNC used an insane slide to defend fake classes for athletes
How Lyft's John Zimmer went from sleeping on a couch and eating frozen Trader Joe's meals to ...
Zappos is offering to pay funeral costs for the 58 victims of the Las Vegas mass shooting
Here's what it's actually like to get the 'recommended' amount of exercise each week
Trump needs to make another key appointment as Janet Yellen's right hand man steps down
5 ways to change your everyday life if you want your side-hustle to be a success
Here's what the 'p' stands for in the Pixel 2 XL's pOLED display
STOCKS CLIMB TO RECORD HIGHS: Here's what you need to know
"While Amazon and Microsoft battle in the cloud wars, this startup quietly built a $175 million ..."
The conservative conference Trump spoke at today featured an exhibit on gay conversion therapy
Here's what that square patch on your backpack is actually used for
Chatbots are making online shopping and payments a breeze - see why retailers are jumping on ...
A company just inked the first ever deal to supply US-grown hemp fiber to an apparel company
How the cast of 'The New Mutants' compares to their comic book counterparts
Inside a $185 million Switzerland mansion that has walls covered in 24-karat gold
The Weinstein Company will reportedly be sold off or shut down - but the company publicly ...
Everyone's talking about the 25th Amendment - but it has a 'fatal flaw' that makes it ...
"Qualcomm wants Chinese courts to ban iPhones in China (QCOM, AAPL)"
Decertifying the Iran deal is putting the US in 'rogue-state territory'
Tracking my long road trips for 4 years shows how far electric motorcycle charging has advanced
6 tech accessories to help you get the most out of your Apple products
Starbucks' Howard Schultz has been dogged by rumors about a presidential run for years - ...
The Italian exec who would allegedly 'hunt' women for Harvey Weinstein denies any involvement
What the sighting of a mysterious new aircraft says about the Air Force's secret hypersonic program
Steve Jobs and Jeff Bezos' mentor used a simple test to figure out who is a true leader
Trump just threatened to end the Iran nuclear deal - here's what it actually does
New Yorkers now use Uber more often than taxis
"Amazon is coming for Nike, Lululemon, and Under Armour with its own sportswear brand made by ..."
Las Vegas sheriff chokes up recalling stories of heroism during concert massacre
There is an unprecedented calmness in the markets
The top 15 fall fashion trends for women
"Cole Haan made a great winter boot that's lightweight, waterproof, and mountain climber approved"
Here's why it's a terrible idea to let a drunk person 'sleep it off'
4 Air Force service members arrested for painting satanic symbols on church
"From Corker to McConnell, here are all the Republican senators Trump has attacked on Twitter"
The best value plays in your DraftKings lineup for Week 6 of the NFL season
The UNC academic scandal investigation began with a football player's tweet about popping ...
This simple tech accessory will make your computer a lot more useful
America might be losing its place on the world stage - and diplomats worry that 'things will ...
POINT-OF-SALE TERMINALS: How evolving merchant demands are pushing POS terminal providers to up ...
One of Netanyahu's closest allies is turning into a major Trump critic - and it may signal a ...
Lawmakers want the US to stop helping Saudi Arabia in its war on Yemen
HP's stock set a new 52-week high on Friday after delivering a strong profit forecast (HPQ)
"Tony Robbins starts every morning with an 'adrenal support cocktail,' a 'priming' meditation ..."
This popular athletic brand is now making women's workwear - and it's as comfortable as ...
The Google Home Mini secretly recorded peoples' conversations and played into a big fear about ...
Reince Priebus meets with Robert Mueller on the Trump-Russia investigation months after leaving ...
Alabama's controversial Senate candidate says he has spoken to McConnell about the tough race ahead
What it's like to be something other than white and male in the hedge fund business
Consumer groups want federal regulators to recall the Google Mini after a glitch made it ...
