Electric cars are going to mean a lot of demand for nickel
Top Democrat says Mueller indictments should be a 'wake up call' to Trump
Brent is back above $60 - and everyone's wondering if it can hold on to those gains
"If not for its cloud business, Amazon would be posting big losses (AMZN)"
Ezekiel Elliott's suspension is set to start this weekend after judge's latest ruling
Nike's plan to survive the retail apocalypse could destroy mediocre stores (NKE)
House Republicans are delaying the rollout of their massive tax reform bill
TRUMP: Time to ramp up 'Extreme Vetting Program' after New York City attack
"With the iPhone X, Apple made some big changes to who gets review units first, and not everyone ..."
The world is running out of gold - here's how to play it
Why millions of Chinese people are filing for divorce every year
Suspect in New York attack reportedly left a note in truck pledging loyalty to ISIS
Striking photos show how the New York City terror attack unfolded
Newly unsealed court documents: Manafort and Gates received 'millions of dollars' from 'Russian ...
Climbing Uluru will be banned from 2019
The suspect in the New York truck attack used to drive for Uber
"Dodgers beat Astros 3-1, force World Series to Game 7"
Artificial intelligence has learned to spot suicidal tendencies from brain scans
20 stunning abandoned hotels around the world and the history behind them
The 10 jobs that got the biggest raises in October
"Despite Trump's 'fire and fury,' US-North Korea talks have 'not been limited at all'"
What makes the Halloween truck attack on New York's West Side Highway terrorism
Putin outlaws the use of VPNs throughout Russia
Starbucks' holiday cups are here - and they aren't red (SBUX)
"How Elon Musk, CEO of Tesla and SpaceX, makes and spends his $20 billion fortune"
Garmin raises its full-year revenue forecast amid strong demand for outdoor activity gadgets (GRMN)
Traders have been burned too many times by tax reform promises - now they're taking a new ...
"10 things you need to know before the opening bell (SPY, SPX, QQQ, DIA, TSLA, UA)"
Russia and China are talking about linking currencies to end the US dollar's dominance
Walmart just unveiled its multipronged plan to win the holiday season (WMT)
"LIVE: US auto sales (F, GM, FCAU, NSANY)"
ADP says Bill Ackman's claim that it gave ISS non-publicly disclosed information is 'false and ...
TRANSPORTATION AND LOGISTICS BRIEFING: Tesla's production bottleneck may soon be solved - ...
9 ways to make people like you without saying a word
People are calling for the Oscars to bar Casey Affleck over allegations of sexual harassment
Pennsylvania coal miners are so convinced Trump will bring coal back they're refusing training ...
People are freaking out after supermodel Chrissy Teigen pointed out a weird way iPhones store photos
"Traders have made almost $1 billion betting against Under Armour this year (UAA, UA)"
Taco Bell is giving away free Doritos Locos Tacos (YUM)
GOV. CUOMO: Suspect in New York terror attack was 'radicalized domestically'
This new men's wellness startup wants to mail you everything you need to stop hair loss
"The 'Great British Bake Off' winner is also a track cyclist, boot camp teacher, and stuntwoman ..."
"A design software used by Twitter, Facebook and Capital One just raised $100 million in its ..."
50 cities around the world everyone should travel to alone
"The 50 best movies of all time, according to critics"
France ends state of emergency and replaces it with new anti-terrorism law 2 years after the ...
Raw eggs are actually less nutritious than cooked eggs - here's why
3 smart strategies geniuses like Albert Einstein and Elon Musk use to learn anything faster
2 of Wall Street's biggest activist hedge funds are getting slaughtered by a stock you've never ...
Bowe Bergdahl was a 'gold mine' of intelligence on Afghan insurgents
Millennials still watch TV despite cord-cutting increases
Something odd is happening to one of the most attractive trades of 2017
An up-and-coming drive-thru salad bar could threaten legacy fast food chains
Walmart is popping after unveiling plans to win the holiday season (WMT)
The incredible life of Melinda Gates - one of the world's richest and most powerful women
The internet is roasting Donald Trump Jr. ...
Fast-acting young cop emerges as hero in New York attack
Suspect in NYC terror attack reportedly 'proud' and bragging from hospital bed about killing 8 ...
"Why eating two burgers could be healthier than adding a side of fries, according to a nutritionist"
9 things wedding guests don't actually care about
The best hammers you can buy
"12 books Bill Gates, Richard Branson, and other moguls think everyone should read"
"Media, Marketing, and The Next Big Thing - take a deep dive into each with a new feature ..."
"What's actually happening when you pull, sprain, or rupture a muscle"
DIGITAL HEALTH BRIEFING: US telehealth restrictions loosened after Trump request - AI-powered ...
I'm a financial planner - here's what I tell people who ask if they're saving enough money
Dustin Hoffman has been accused of sexually harassing and groping a 17-year-old woman in 1985
Trump reportedly wants to name the GOP tax reform bill 'The Cut Cut Cut Act'
The most fascinating historic photo taken in every US state
Bitcoin futures remind one expert of the risky products that caused the financial crisis
This vegetarian butcher shop sells fresh steaks and chicken - but it doesn't slaughter any animals
Here's how the region the New York attacker immigrated from became fertile ground for terrorism
Cuomo slams Trump for his tweets on New York City terror attack: 'The last thing it's about is ...
Al Gore and David Blood told us how it's possible to save the world while still making a lot of ...
One statistic reveals how the retail apocalypse is ripping the industry apart (AMZN)
"A Microsoft employee was forced to download Google Chrome in the middle of his presentation, ..."
"The iPhone X was supposed to come out next year, Apple exec says (AAPL)"
Meet the world's 10 most powerful women
"These are the incredible results of Google's 'Sheep View,' which used sheep to map a set of ..."
20 of the most beautiful libraries in the world
One of the biggest perks of the modern workplace is disappearing
5 things tech giants haven't told Congress about Russian interference
Stockholm is becoming a sanctuary for the rich
"The 76ers-Jahlil Okafor situation is coming to a head, and it's starting to get ugly"
A new 'Walking Dead' villain points out: 'Rick is doing some pretty awful things'
Facebook is trading at all-time highs ahead of earnings (FB)
The biggest volcano eruptions in recorded history
"New York publicist: Manafort and Gates asked to pay for Ukraine work in offshore accounts, ..."
China has 'women-only' parking spots that are bigger and farther away from other cars - now ...
"An average ticket to Game 7 of the World Series costs nearly $1,500 less than last year"
"Russian 'Army of Jesus' Facebook page showed Hillary Clinton with devil horns (FB, GOOGL, TWTR)"
"There's a hidden mansion for sale in San Francisco with a retractable glass roof, an indoor ..."
Osama bin Laden had the 'Charlie bit my finger' video on his computer at his time of death
Square launches Register (SQ)
Republicans' tax-bill name fight shows why tax reform isn't working
"Fed leaves interest rates unchanged, says the economy is solid despite hurricanes"
The 2018 Tiguan is the SUV Volkswagen has desperately needed for years
All of the best celebrity family costumes of Halloween 2017
38 celebrities you didn't realize got their start on Australian soap operas
"Trump unloads after New York attack, says he'll terminate diversity visa program and may send ..."
'Thor: Ragnarok' director explains why his hilarious 'flashback scenes' idea didn't make it in ...
From 'crazy' to 'regret' - here's how Facebook's positions on Russian interference evolved ...
Warren Buffett's favorite stock market indicator is calling the top
Americans have worse perceptions of Ivanka Trump and Trump Hotels than almost any other brand ...
"Here's how you can prevent nasty ingrown hairs, according to a dermatologist"
"Here's exactly what to say in an email when you need help finding a job, without being annoying"
An exec at one of the biggest US banks offers a counterintuitive strategy for acing your job ...
TripAdvisor users are accusing the site of deleting their accounts of rape and assault
"Here's what it takes to get into the best high school in America, an elite boarding school that ..."
Tesla wants to completely reinvent car insurance - here's how much it could save you (TSLA)
Disney's requirements for the new 'Star Wars' movie have angered some movie theaters (DIS)
We just got a super smart and simple explanation what a bitcoin fork actually is
Packers coach Mike McCarthy criticized for reportedly pursuing Brian Hoyer at quarterback weeks ...
Paul Manafort is entangled in a vast web of connections to Russia - here's everything we know ...
"Tesla posts big loss, slashes production of Model X and Model S (TSLA)"
LIVE: Facebook crushes Q3 earnings but warns that future profit will slow (FB)
Trump is reportedly souring on Jared Kushner in the White House as Mueller's Russia probe ...
"Tesla missed big time on earnings, but the company's core business is in good shape (TSLA)"
Trump insists he's not angry as the Russia investigation escalates
The NYC attacker asked to display an ISIS flag in his hospital room and planned to attack the ...
The biggest US cities where rents are plunging
The NYC truck attack suspect has been charged with terrorism offenses
The FBI is no longer looking for the second person of interest in the NYC terror attack
American Airlines flights are going without food after listeria found at catering kitchen (AAL)
"Papa John's CEO donated to Trump, slammed Obamacare, and once said the US 'is on the path to ..."
John Boehner said George W. Bush texted him to say Paul Ryan should ask him for more advice
Mark Zuckerberg on Russian election meddling: 'What they did is wrong and we're not going to ...
NFL POWER RANKINGS: Where all 32 teams stand going into Week 9
8 places in the US that will pay you to move there
MoviePass hinted that changes could be coming to its popular $10-a-month service
Facebook quietly updated two key numbers about its user base (FB)
Sears is starting Black Friday early this year - and the entire store is on sale
Here are all of the court documents Mueller's office has filed in the Russia probe that have ...
