Mine shutdowns in Africa could lead to a global Platinum shortage
California rewrites the GOP's climate playbook
Chipotle killed chorizo for all the wrong reasons
Comics captured America's growing ambivalence toward the Vietnam War
"Trump's rally in Phoenix, Arizona, reportedly cost the city $450,000"
"Google acquires HTC team in $1.1 billion agreement to beef up hardware division (GOOG, GOOGL)"
A Wisconsin bill proposes letting people ban themselves from buying guns
Chinese universities restricting admissions for North Korean students amid nuclear crisis
Meteorologists had a major clue that Hurricane Maria would be devastating - and it just reappeared
Jimmy Kimmel blasts Fox News host Brian Kilmeade over healthcare criticism: Whenever I see him ...
Paul Manafort hired to help promote controversial referendum in Iraq
Facial recognition is only the beginning: What to expect next from biometrics on your phone
'I WANT YOUR PAPERS': New York Daily News channels Uncle Sam in fiery front page on the Russia probe
BANK OF AMERICA: One area of the stock market could double in the next 2 years
Why one of Facebook's most successful video publishers had to scramble to re-think its whole ...
SEC reveals 2016 hack that breached its filing system and possibly led to insider trading
The head of the New York Stock Exchange explains the overlooked trait he sees in almost every ...
TGI Fridays is going to start delivering booze - and it could help defeat a curse sweeping ...
"10 things you need to know before the opening bell (SPY, SPX, QQQ, DIA, AMD, TSLA, GOOGL, EFX)"
A 12-year-old singing ventriloquist won the $1 million grand prize on 'America's Got Talent' ...
JBL's latest Bluetooth speaker lights up like a lava lamp without coming off as a gimmick
"Bernie Casey, former NFL player and 'Revenge of the Nerds' actor, has died at 78"
Airman who repelled an ambush with dangerously close airstrikes gets Air Force's 2nd-highest award
HBO ordered a 'Watchmen' pilot from the creator of 'Lost' and 'The Leftovers'
Toys R Us is hiring thousands of seasonal workers despite bankruptcy filing
Chinese internet giant Baidu is pouring $1. ...
US auto-loan fintechs help incumbent lenders stay up to speed
Sean Spicer filled 'notebook after notebook' on Trump campaign and White House meetings - and ...
The designer behind the 'storm stilettos' Melania Trump wore to Texas after Hurricane Harvey ...
State Department says it 'strongly opposes' independence for Iraqi Kurds
How the US could prevent a North Korean nuclear strike - according to a former Marine and ...
"Instagram on track to top Snapchat's new user sign ups (SNAP, FB)"
'I'm not a serious person?': Jimmy Kimmel escalates his war against the Republican healthcare bill
Distrustful US allies forced the NSA to back down in a fight over encryption standards
Volvo just launched a new compact SUV to take on Audi's Q3
"In one baffling tweet, Chili's just explained a crucial aspect of how healthcare works (EAT)"
Russia warns US it will target US-backed fighters in Syria if provoked
Former CIA Director John Brennan says a lesson from his father helped him navigate tense ...
"Apple is falling after Google inks a deal with HTC (AAPL, GOOGL)"
"GOP senator admits new healthcare bill could harm people with preexisting conditions, but says ..."
The best lipsticks you can buy
Undefeated light heavyweight champion Andre Ward announces his retirement
MORGAN STANLEY: GM's 'unique' structure makes it our top auto pick (GM)
Trump praises South Korean president's use of the word 'deplorable': 'That's been a very lucky ...
Here are all the changes Amazon is making to Whole Foods (AMZN)
Why nutritionists agree that one type of carb is really good for you
The 'It' movie originally had another script - here are 15 ways it could have been different
North Korea's ambassador told the UN that sanctions are threatening the survival of its children
Immortalize your pet in pillow form with this easy-to-use online service that takes just 5 ...
Puerto Rico is completely without power after getting slammed by Hurricane Maria - here's ...
"6 bad metal habits everyone should unlearn, according to a life coach who teaches people to be ..."
Watch Dave Grohl of the Foo Fighters have a drum battle with James Corden on the latest ...
The 14 best games that aren't about killing stuff
Volvo just launched a new subscription service for its cars - but it's a bad deal for consumers
Tesla will discontinue its cheapest Model S option on Sunday (TSLA)
The heart-wrenching story of Jimmy Kimmel's infant son explains why he's so passionate about ...
Hurricane Maria devastated Puerto Rico and cut power to the entire island - here's what it ...
Mercedes' parent company will pour $1 billion in a plant that will create its Tesla rival
Russia just successfully tested one of its newest ICBMs - Here's what it can do
"Learning to code isn't just for full-time developers, it can boost anyone's productivity at ..."
REPORT: China tells its banks to stop doing business with North Korea
Bitcoin is sinking
The Air Force is scrambling to train more pilots as new aircraft languish on the runway
L'Oreal heiress Liliane Bettencourt has died at 94
A female Marine officer is expected to graduate the Corps' grueling infantry officer course
You can buy a third of a Hawaiian island for $260 million - but there's a catch
"Anthropologie was forced to cancel orders after selling $8,000 couches for free online (URBN)"
Players asked the NFL to help bring awareness during the season to 'racial equality' efforts ...
Get a Nespresso coffee maker for half off - and more of today's best deals from around the web
Mike Pence makes bizarre dodge of question on GOP healthcare bill by quoting Thomas Jefferson
Why you should pay attention to what the Iraq oil minister is saying
One section of Trump's US-Mexico border wall could prompt 'decades of court cases' from private ...
Snapchat's biggest selling point could lead to its downfall
Spotify and other streaming services are finally giving the music industry something to cheer about
How the soft soil underneath Mexico City amplifies earthquakes
The definitive Wall Street scorecard is out - and Goldman Sachs is slipping
Kohl's deal with Amazon is playing with fire
7 healthy Starbucks hacks to cut calories on your next order
Rubicon - a macro hedge fund in London - has lost a third of its value this year
NFL WEEK 3: Our official predictions for who wins this weekend
Google's $1.1 billion deal with HTC is about something much bigger than making a better ...
"If bitcoin dies, it'll be from its own missteps"
Tom Brady drinks up to 2.5 gallons of water a day as part of his incredibly strict diet
"Facebook is dropping $35 million to lease a beautiful, earthquake-resistant skyscraper in San ..."
A $1.6 billion rival to Oracle and Amazon just filed to go public (ORCL)
Traders are gearing up for Trump's tax cut plan
Trump's national security adviser is using clips from Fox News to wage a campaign against leaks ...
